Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC; save 
Shigeru who is of my own creation.  This is a fanfic and is not for profit.  
This work does not express the views of Pioneer and AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! We Are One pt.2 The Dye is Cast

 	On a distant dimensional plain an evil being walks down a marbled hall.  
He is clad in armor darker than obsidian, accented with the deepest crimson and 
purple. Engraved into the armor are complex patterns and glyphs, whose meanings 
have been lost to time.  In the center of his breastplate is a large soul ruby.  
Halberd against his waist is a scimitar inlaid with the most precious stones and 
gilded metals.  His pallid flesh stands in stark contrast to his sinister armor 
and raven hair.  His sunken eyes glow a green light, a light so evil that its 
slightest glimpse could freeze ones soul.  He is the embodiment of evil in its 
purest form. For untold millennia he reigned as the master of darkness until 
Lady Tsunami trapped his immortal soul in the deepest reaches of hell, and only 
her supreme power can contain his darkness.  Now Lady Tokimi has freed his 
spirit once more. As he walks his dark aura etches itself into the gleaming 
marble of the halls; his footfalls are seared into the floor.  He enters the 
great hall and approaches the being at its throne.  With a wave of his arm he 
throws back his dark cloak and bows to one knee. 
	"Lady Tokimi, Shigeru is at thy bidding," he said with an evil, fanged 
grin.  
	"Shigeru, Culler of Souls, I have summoned you because my deepest fears 
are coming to be.  The son of the Light Hawk and the Summoner of Spirits have 
come together.  Of the entire multi-verse have these events failed to come to 
pass but in one dimension.  Only their offspring can pose a threat to my supreme 
reign," said Lady Tokimi.  Shigeru smiled as he realized what Lady Tokimi wanted 
him to do. 
	"Shigeru, bring me Lady Washu."
	"And the others?" he asked. 
	"Do with them as you please.  They are of no concern to me."  
Shigeru laughed as he stood up.  His thirst for blood would soon be quenched.    
	
	The month before Ayeka's leaving earth passed quickly.  While everyone 
packed for the voyage Tenchi was doing chores at the shrine when Grandfather 
invited him in for a cup of tea.  Tenchi knelt at the table as Grandfather 
poured a cup of tea.  
	"Grandpa, will you go with us tomorrow?"
Katsuhito paused for a second as if Tenchi's question had caught him off guard.  
	"I have not set foot on my home planet for a long time.  I do not know if 
I would be welcomed since I declined the throne so many years ago," he said as 
he sipped his tea.  
	"My return would make my mother happy, but I would break her heart again 
as I must return here to the earth."  Tenchi did not know how to take this 
response.  "But seeing as it will make Ayeka happy," continued Katsuhito, "I 
will return to Jurai with you."
	"That's great Grandpa, It just wouldn't be the same without you."
	"So tell me Tenchi, how far have you and Ryoko gone yet?" nonchalantly 
asked Katsuhito.  Tenchi spat his tea all across the table.  Now it was his turn 
to be caught off guard.  
	"G,g,grandpa?are you serious?" asked Tenchi in disbelief.  He began to 
fumble his words, trying to find an answer that would not be incriminating.  
 Katsuhito chuckled.  He enjoyed aggravating Tenchi from time to time.  "I'm 
just kidding son.  I respect your privacy.  I'm just glad you are happy.  Ryoko 
has become a fine young lady, so different from the one controlled by Kagato 
centuries ago."
	"Thank you Grandpa, but I still worry about Ayeka.  I feel like I broke 
her heart."
	"She is a strong woman Tenchi.  Tsunami has revealed to me that there is 
someone for her; she will find happiness."  Tenchi sighed as a wave of relief 
spread over him. 
	"You know Grandpa, I was afraid that Ayeka would be destroyed when Ryoko 
and I began to go out.  I tried it with Ayeka, but." Tenchi stopped as Katsuhito 
raised his hand.     
	"You do not have to explain yourself to me my son.  I have always felt 
that Ryoko was right for you.  You will do just fine."  With that Tenchi stood 
and nodded.  He had work to do before everyone left for Jurai.  
Katsuhito watched as his grandson left the shrine, but he could not shake his 
feeling of apprehension.  

	"Tell me again Little Washu, just why are we here again?" asked 
Ayeka.  Her and Ryoko were in their underwear (or lack of for Ryoko) connected 
to one of Washu's machines.  Ryoko looked at Ayeka and shrugged while Washu 
worked furiously at her keypad.  
	"Come on mom, just why the hell are we here?" demanded Ryoko.  
Her patience was beginning to wear thin.  She was tired, hungry, and nearly 
naked save the strategically placed sensors by Washu.  
	"I just want to analyze the two of together one last time. With 
Ayeka returning to Jurai, this may be my last time to examine the Jurai power 
for a while. Tenchi still won't give me my final sample." Ayeka and 
Ryoko looked at each other in disbelief.  
	"Lets see, Ayeka seems to be just fine, all patterns in check.  Now 
Ryoko, you have a problem.  I've checked the patterns over and over, and there 
is just no denying it."
	"What is it?" she asked a little worried.  
	"Your breast are still sagging," replied Washu with a laugh.  
	"Damn it Washu, let me go!" demanded Ryoko angrily.
	"Now, now LADY Ryoko, mind your temper," giggled Ayeka.  
	"Stay out of this Princess," growled Ryoko.  "Come on mom, please?" she 
begged.  "Pretty please?"  All three of them laughed as Washu finished her work.
  
	That night after dinner Tenchi found Ayeka outside by the pond.  
She was staring at the sky, wandering if this would be the last time she would 
see the stars from the earth.  She jumped slightly as Tenchi walked up behind 
her.  
	"Lord Tenchi, you startled me," she said as he sat down beside her.  
	"I brought us some sake," he said as he poured a small cup.  "Ryoko's 
already passed out.  Her and Grandpa had a contest, and he out drank her." Ayeka 
laughed as she took a cup of the sake.  
	"Some one out drinking Ryoko, that is unusual," she paused as she looked 
at Tenchi.  Memories came back to her of the boy she had first met so many years 
ago.  Now they were about to part company, and it was almost unbearable for her.
	"Ayeka, you are welcome at my home any time you like.  Just because you 
are returning to Jurai doesn't mean that this family is breaking up. You may be 
on Jurai, Kiyone and Mihoshi may be in space, and I may be at school, but we are 
still a family and no one can take that from us."  Ayeka could see the sincerity 
in his eyes.  She sipped her sake and smiled.  
	"I appreciate that Lord Tenchi.  You and Ryoko shall always have a place 
at my court."  The two of them chatted for a short time after that before they 
headed back to the house.  Tomorrow would be a big day for everyone.
 
	Everyone gathered by the pond as the Juraian ship loomed over the 
mountains.  Oh wow, thought Tenchi as the battleship came into view.  As it 
hovered overhead a robed man materialized from a beam of light.  
	"Princess' Ayeka, Sasami, The Empress' Ascension is at your disposal."  
	"We are honored," said Ayeka.  Kiyone and Mihoshi stepped forward giving 
crisp salutes; both were dressed in the Galaxy Polices finest uniforms.  
	"As representatives of the Galaxy Police we formally offer to escort the 
Princess' to Jurai."  
	"The offer is accepted," replied Ayeka.  With that the two parties set out 
for Jurai: Kiyone and Mihoshi in the Yagami, and the rest in the Empress' 
Ascension.
 
	"This is impressive," said Nobeyugi as the group entered the ship.  
The same robed Juraian from earlier stepped forward and addressed the group.  
	"There will be a banquet in honor of our guests at nineteen hundred sharp.  
Ensign," he barked, "show our guests to their quarters." 
A young ensign led the group down the corridor to the guest accommodations.  
	"The Princess' will have this room, and Lords Katsuhito and 
Nobeyugi shall share these quarters.  Lady Washu, you shall have these quarters, 
while Lord Tenchi and Lady Ryoko shall share this room."  
With that he gave a crisp Juraian salute and marched away.  Tenchi turned pale 
as he heard he would be rooming with Ryoko.  Nobeyugi elbowed him in the ribs 
and chuckled.  
	"Got her all alone son!"  Tenchi turned red as his dad continued to tease 
him.  
	"Dad, you're embarrassing me!" he said through gritted teeth.  At that 
moment Katsuhito backhanded his son-in-laws head.  
	"Owe dad," said Nobeyugi as he rubbed his head.  
	"Come, let us prepare for dinner," said Katsuhito as he dragged Nobeyugi 
behind him.  
	"Don't worry," started Ryoko as she wrapped her arms around 
Tenchi.  "We'll behave ourselves."  
	'Could this get any worse,' thought Tenchi.  Ayeka shot them a menacing 
look as they entered their quarters.  She may have given them her blessing, but 
she didn't have to like it.  
	
	"I can't believe my dad," said Tenchi as he adjusted his tie.  It was 
almost time for dinner and he was hoping his dad could keep his mind out of the 
gutter.  
	"Well Tenchi," he heard from behind him, "How do I look?""  Tenchi turned 
around and his jaw dropped.  There stood Ryoko in a simple, yet elegant black 
evening gown.  Her hair was fixed in a long ponytail that reached the middle of 
her back.  Tenchi had never seen anything as beautiful before in his life.  
	Ryoko," he began, "you look beautiful."  She phased out of sight only to 
reappear at is side.  
	"Thank you," she whispered in his ear.  Tenchi began to sweat as 
Ryoko swung around him.  As she stopped in front of him she kissed his cheek and 
fixed his tie for him. "Shall we join the others?" she asked.  
Tenchi nodded as they headed for the dinning hall.

	Dark clouds began to form around the Masaki Shrine.  In a bolt of 
lightening a dark figure emerged in front of Funahoe, the holy tree of the 
shrine.  He grinned and waited his time.

	The banquet honoring the Masaki family was a grand affair.  The finest 
foods from both earth and Jurai were served.  Kiyone and Mihoshi arrived a 
little late, no thanks to Mihoshi's piloting skills. Sasami had sake for the 
first time at dinner, and as all teenagers overdid it.
	"Ayeka," she trembled right before she ruined her sister's dress.  
	"My poor Sasami," said Ayeka as she helped Sasami from the table.  
"Everyone please excuse us," she said politely as they made their way back to 
their room.  
	"So tell me Tenchi," began Nobeyugi, "Did ya get lucky yet?"  
Immediately Katsuhito slapped his son-in-law again as Tenchi banged his head on 
the table.  Why me, he thought.  
	"Sorry son," said Nobeyugi as Katsuhito scowled over him.  Ayeka returned 
in a new dress with Sasami who was obviously feeling better.  
The princess' rejoined dinner (minus the sake for Sasami) and things continued 
as normal.
	Around midnight Sasami began to fall asleep on Ayeka's shoulder.  
"I do believe that we shall call it a night," said Ayeka as she led Sasami down 
the hall.  
	"We'd better get going too," said Kiyone as she noticed Mihoshi was dozing 
off and on.  As every one finished desert Katsuhito and Washu retired to the 
ships lounge to discuss philosophy.  Nobeyugi followed them, figuring that he 
needed to give Tenchi some space after embarrassing him at dinner.

	The dark figure raised his scimitar above his head and breathed deeply.  
His time was almost here.

	Tenchi sat on the edge of the bed and loosened his tie.  Ryoko was in the 
bathroom and he had a moment to himself.  I love you dad, he thought, but could 
you please not embarrass me so often.  Dinner had gone well and Ayeka and Ryoko 
had exchanged terse words only once, but no blows came of it.  He rubbed the 
back of his neck as he began to feel the affects of the sake he had drunk and 
this Juraian liquor that the steward brought.  
	"Tenchi," said Ryoko as she emerged from the bathroom.  Tenchi looked up 
and blushed as he saw Ryoko standing there in a shear nightgown.  Before he 
could say anything she kissed him and turned off the lights.

	With a scream Shigeru drove his scimitar into Funahoe.  Energy crackled 
around him as he drained the mighty tree of its life force.  The large soul ruby 
on his breastplate glowed brightly as it absorbed the power of Funahoe.  Shigeru 
felt his might increase by tenfold as he pulled the sword free from the ancient 
tree. 
	"That should do it," he said as he vanished in a flash of light, leaving 
Funahoe a withered shell.

	"Tenchi, wake up!  Tenchi please!" yelled Sasami as she banged on the 
door, desperately trying to wake him.  The door slid open part way as 
Tenchi held his arm up to block the light.  
	"What is it Sasami?" he asked. 
	"Its Grandfather, he's, he's." she stopped as tears filled her eyes.  
	"What's going on?" asked Ryoko as she phased in behind Tenchi.  
	"Its Grandfather," continued Sasami.  "He's sick."  
	"Lets go," said Tenchi as he and Ryoko followed Sasami to the infirmary.  
Tenchi barged into the infirmary to find every one else their standing around 
Katsuhito. "What," he began as he saw his Grandfather in one of Washu's stasis 
fields.  Ayeka was in tears and Nobeyugi was in no shape to talk either.  
	"We were discussing the finer points of philosophy," started Washu, never 
looking up from her sub-space keypad.  "Then he turned pale, mumbled something 
and fell over.  I've, managed to stabilize him, but we must get him to Jurai or 
he will die."  Tenchi did not know what to say.  He just stood there in 
disbelief.  
	"Something must have happened to Funahoe," chimed in Ayeka.  
	"If something has happened to Funahoe," began Washu, "then this is worse 
than I thought.  We have to get him to Jur..." She was cut short as the ship was 
rocked by a shock wave.  
	"What the hell?" said Ryoko as she caught Tenchi. 
	"Are we under attack?" asked Ayeka.  
	"No that was a shock wave," said Washu.  Right then a screen popped into 
view.  The ships commander came into sight, 
	"The Yagami has exploded," said the commander.  Everyone was dumbfounded 
at this news.  "We have a tractor beam on the escape module and we are bringing 
it into bay five."  
	"Dad, you and Sasami, stay here with Grandpa," ordered Tenchi.  
"Everyone else follow me."  

	Washu, Ryoko, and Ayeka followed him as they raced for bay five.  They got 
there just as the bay was pressurized. 
	"It seems to have survived intact," said Washu as the modules hatch 
opened, but Kiyone and Mihoshi were not inside.  "What the." she mumbled as she 
looked closer.  All that was left of the two GP officers were bloodstains and 
deep gashes in the seat back.  
	"Washu, what happened?" inquired Tenchi, as Washu stepped back trembling.  
	"It can't be; he's dead."  
	"Whose dead?  What happened to Kiyone and Mihoshi?" demanded 
Ryoko.  Washu back peddled as she realized what a fool she had been.  
	"We have to get back to the infirmary now!" she said as she dashed out the 
door.  Everyone followed as closely as possibly.  What could be happening, 
thought Ayeka.  As they rounded the corner to the infirmary a flash of light 
blinded them.
 
	"How nice of you to join us," said Shigeru.  He had an arm around 
Sasami's neck and there was no sign of Katsuhito or Nobeyugi.  
	"Ayeka," cried Sasami as Shigeru held a dagger to her throat.  
	"What did you do to Kiyone and Mihoshi?" howled Tenchi.  "And where's my 
grandpa and dad?"
	Shigeru tapped his soul ruby.  "There here, with me," he grinned.  
"We have not been introduced yet.  I am Shigeru, Culler of Souls.  I am here at 
Lady Tokimi's bidding."
	"So it was Tokimi who freed you from hell," stated Washu.  "What does she 
want with us?"
	"You, she wants alive.  As for the rest of you," he paused grinning evilly 
and chuckled. "You are all mine!"  With that he slashed Sasami's throat.  Ayeka 
screamed as her little sister fell lifelessly to the floor.  Shigeru laughed 
loudly as her body began to vaporize.  With a flash of light it was drawn into 
his soul ruby. 
	"That was fun!" he said as he walked toward Washu.  
Ayeka lunged toward Shigeru only to be knocked against the wall.  
	"Your time will come Princess, but not now.  Washu, come with me or I 
shall destroy this ship, and none of you shall survive."
	"Don't do it Washu!" screamed Ryoko just as Shigeru fired off an energy 
bolt that slammed her into the bulkhead.  Tenchi was about to attack when Washu 
stopped him.  
	"I will go, just leave them be."  
	Shigeru grinned as he grabbed Washu.  "If you want your friends back, come 
to Hells Point."  With that he and Washu vanished.  Ayeka fell to her knees as 
Tenchi tried to console her.  
	"He killed her," she cried.  "He killed Sasami!"  Ryoko rubbed her head as 
she kneeled by Tenchi and Ayeka.  
	"With Washu gone, how do we fight this person?" asked Tenchi.  
Just then a portal opened from subspace from which Washu walked out.  
Everyone stared at her in disbelief.  
	"How?" began Ryoko as Washu took her adult form.  
	"Listen carefully," she began, "he is Shigeru, evil incarnate.  
Millennia ago Tsunami, Tokimi and I trapped Shigeru in hell, but that was before 
the fall.  Now Tokimi wants us all dead so that she can reign supreme.  He may 
have killed our friends and family physically, but their souls live in his ruby.  
Destroy it and I will be able to return them to us."  
	Everyone nodded.  They understood the task before them.  
	"Be careful, his power grows as he captures souls.  I have given Ryo-ohki 
all the information I have on Shigeru and Hells Point.  She will take you there.  
Now I have to go to Tsunami."  
	"Just one thing," asked Ryoko.  "How did you escape?"
	"I didn't. I switched myself with Mecha-Washu when that flash of light 
blinded everyone.  I figured he wouldn't notice.  I needed the time to contact 
Tsunami."  With that she vanished into subspace.  
	"Lets get this bastard!" said Ryoko as she phased into her red and black 
battle gear.  Ayeka and Tenchi followed suit as their Juraian battle gear 
replaced their clothes.  
	"Yes," seconded Ayeka.  "He shall pay most dearly."    

To Be Continued
