
----------------------------------------------------------
		WE BELONG

	Many times I've tried to tell you
	Many times I've cried alone
	Always I'm surprised how well you
	Cut my feelings to the bone 
	Don't want to leave you really
	I've invested too much time
	To give you up that easy
	To the doubts that complicate your mind 

	Chorus: 

	We Belong to the light
	We Belong to the thunder
	We Belong to the sound of the words
	We've both fallen under
	Whatever we deny or embrace
	For worse or for better
	We Belong, We Belong
	We Belong together 

	Maybe it's a sign of weakness
	When I don't know what to say
	Maybe I just wouldn't know
	What to do with my strength anyway
	Have we become a habit?
	Do we distort the facts?
	Now there's no looking forward
	Now there's no turning back
	When you say 

	(Chorus) 

	Close your eyes and try to sleep now
	Close your eyes and try to dream
	Clear your mind and do your best
	To try and wash the palette clean
	We can't begin to know it
	How much we really care
	I hear your voice inside me
	I see your face everywhere
	Still you say 

	(Chorus) 

	From the Pat Benatar album "Tropico"
	Written by: D. Navarro & R. Lowen Time: 3:40
	@Copyright 1984 by Screen Gems-EMI Music Inc.
	Song lyrics checked for accuracy against album sleeve.
----------------------------------------------------------


			Morning

   Ryo-ohki was the first to sense the ship.  It was hard to mew through a mouth full of 
carrot, but the sound was disturbing enough to draw attention. 
   "What is it, Ryo-ohki?" asked Sasami.
   "She says there's a ship approaching," Ryoko answered.  Activity around the breakfast 
table clattered to a halt, and there was a general movement towards the front door.
   A warp bubble had appeared in the sky over the Masaki house by the time they had gathered
outside.  A small vessel drifted out of the maelstrom and hovered until the portal faded, 
and then continued its controlled descent.
   "It looks like a courier of some sort," Mihoshi noted.
   "Yes, and it appears to have the Royal Seal affixed to the prow," Ayeka added.
   "Probably some flunky delivering a message," Washuu observed.  "One of these days the 
locals are going to catch sight of one of those ships coming or going, and then our privacy 
here will be ancient history."
   "Still, we should observe proper protocol and greet our guest," Ayeka said.
   "I don't think this concerns me," Noriyuki said, "So I'm going back in and finish 
breakfast.  Tenchi?  Yosho?"
   "I think I'll stay here, Dad," Tenchi replied.  His grandfather nodded agreement.
   The craft was a little larger than the house, and settled into the lake with minimal 
fuss.   After a few moments of maneuvering dockside, the hatch opened and the gantry 
extended itself down to the dock.  A figure appeared in the opening, and then stepped 
slowly forward, shielding his eyes from the morning glare.  His idly rustling robes bore 
the Royal Emblazon.  He was heavyset and heavily bearded, and his dark hair was braided in 
a series of ringlets that spilled over his shoulders and bounced as he walked.  His face was 
screwed into a frown, as though he had bitten sour fruit.
   "Well, he sure looks like a flunky," Washuu said.
   "But an important one," Mihoshi answered.  An official recording 'bot drifted behind him, 
it's sensor array swiveling regularly, missing nothing.  "Maybe I should get my uniform on."
   "It's a little too late for that," Washuu said.  "Besides, the way he keeps staring at 
Tenchi suggests that's who he is here to see."  At the mention of Tenchi's name, Ryoko 
latched onto his right arm, while Ayeka grasped his left hand.
   The figure strode slowly up to the group, bowed formally, and spread his hands.  "Greetings
to the Masaki Household, and my apologies for this intrusion.  My humble greetings to their 
Highnesses, Lady Ayeka, Lady Sasami, and Lord Tenchi.  I am Baron Kitsune, Special Envoy for
His Majesty Emperor Azusa.  His Majesty has been considering the future needs of his grandson, 
Lord Tenchi, and wishes to inform the prince of His plans.  Thus, I have been dispatched to 
convey His Majesty's intentions, and to inform His Majesty of any responses made by the 
prince.  It is in that capacity that I have traveled from Jurai, and do request an audience 
as soon as is convenient."  Which, of course, meant Right Now.
   Yosho cleared his throat and stepped forward.  "Your Excellency, would you step this way 
please?"  Yosho led the Baron and his robot towards the house, trailed by the remaining 
family members.  

					*  *  *

   Tenchi was nervous.  As usual.  He had learned not to squirm, but his friends knew him 
well enough to recognize the other signs.  He had seated himself on the sofa, flanked by 
Ayeka and Sasami.  Washuu, Ryoko, and Mihoshi stayed a discreet distance behind the sofa, 
but clearly in the Baron's line-of-sight.  Yosho was practically invisible where he kneeled 
by the door, soon joined by Noriyuki.
   There was a smattering of small talk, as Ayeka and Sasami inquired about their parents, 
various other family members, and such.  It became quickly apparent that while the Baron was
deferential to Sasami, he practically fawned over Ayeka -- but he looked down his nose at 
Tenchi as much as he could politely get away with.  Ryoko noticed it and quietly asked Washuu 
about it.
   "Tenchi is not full-blooded Juraian," Washuu replied bitterly.  "I see the aristocratic 
contempt for half-breeds hasn't faded over the years."  Ryoko growled, her growing dislike 
for the emissary becoming more obvious.  "Mind your manners, Ryoko, so we don't cause any 
more damage to Tenchi's already fragile respectability."  Ryoko went silent, but her body 
language was plainly readable.  She wanted to put her arms around Tenchi, to protect him, 
to support him -- and she wanted to blast the envoy with several well-placed energy bolts. 
   "If you would be kind enough to relay my father's wishes, we will delay you as little as 
possible," said Ayeka.  She had overheard the exchange behind her, and her reaction was 
similar to Ryoko's.  She, however, was too well trained to reveal those emotions.  She kept 
her expression neutral and her voice business-like.
   "His Majesty has made three requests, but he has done so reluctantly.  This action was 
prompted by the growing realization among the populace that there is a new crown prince.  
Stories of his escapades are spreading.  His whereabouts have remained a secret, but it is 
only a matter of time before his location is known.  The Royal Family has many enemies, some
exceedingly dangerous, and the prince is plainly at a vulnerable period in his development.  
The Galaxy Police has been kept informed through the efforts of its on-site liaison," the 
Baron indicated Mihoshi, "and has quietly increased the number of patrols in this sector."
   "And what are these requests, Baron?"  Ayeka asked.  
   The Baron counted on an upraised finger: "First, Lord Tenchi must be Presented at Court, 
before the Full Peerage and the Council."
   "Excuse me, Baron, but I would appreciate an explanation of 'being Presented at Court.'
While I expect that a certain amount of display is expected of royalty, I do not want to be 
trotted about like a prize pet."
   "Good for you, Tenchi," Washuu whispered.
   "It is a mere formality, I assure you.  A convenient opportunity to quell the many false
rumors that are spreading, to confirm the continuation of the Juraian bloodline, and a 
chance to improve the morale of the populace.  I guarantee that it is all harmless ceremony."
   The Baron continued:  "Second, Lord Tenchi must attend an approved Juraian Academy, to 
receive proper political and military indoctrinations, as well as to learn fully of his 
heritage."
   "Uh, I've already made applications to colleges here on Earth.  My plans are to stay here, 
finish my education, and start a career.  And a family, too, eventually."
   "With who?' Ryoko wondered.
   "I am afraid that His Majesty was a bit more insistent on this request.  This planet is a
backwater; its technological level is simply unacceptable, and it has no knowledge of 
galactic affairs.  A member of the Juraian Royal Family must be kept fully informed of the 
past, present and future of the empire.  Your preference for this 'provincial' lifestyle is 
understandable, but you must also accept the fact that you have inherited duties that cannot 
be ignored.  Like it or not, you are a member of the nobility with obligations to satisfy."
   The Baron concluded:  "Third, Lord Tenchi must choose a wife, and dismiss the other 
candidates from his household."
   Tenchi's throat constricted.  He swallowed carefully before answering.  "I'm too young for 
marriage.  Ask me in five years, I may be ready by then."
   "His Majesty was most insistent on this point.  Adolescent betrothal is an ancient custom,
and provides stability and predictability.  Lady Ayeka was betrothed at a very early age, and 
Lady Sasami is at the proper age now.  The other two points may be negotiable, but not this 
one.  You must choose a bride.  Today.  My shuttle is available to transport the others 
anywhere they wish to go."
   Tenchi's shoulders slumped.  "I can't make any kind of decision like that, at least, not 
immediately.  I will need to think about it for a while."
   "I will stay until sunset, Lord Tenchi, and then I must return to Jurai."
   Tenchi stood, forcing the Baron to do likewise.  He bowed to the ladies on either side, 
bowed to the envoy, and headed for the door.
   "Tenchi...?"  
   "Let him go, Ryoko.  He needs some time alone."  Washuu placed a hand on her daughter's 
arm, lightly restraining her.
   "Lady Washuu?  May I have a word with you in private?"
   Washuu turned to face the Baron.  "Sure," she replied.  "Let's take a walk outside."  
However, she had only taken two paces before turning to look directly at the Envoy's 
mechanical shadow.  "'Private' means off-the-record, Your Excellency."
   "If you insist."  He made a gesture to the autoscribe, which froze in place.  
   They left the building, Washuu steering him down the path towards the Masaki Shrine.  The 
sunshine felt warm and reassuring, filtering through the trees in random blobs.  The birds 
sang and the leaves rustled.  She hoped these would calm Tenchi's mind for the decisions he 
was going to have to make.
   "Lady Washuu, His Majesty spent only a few moments with the boy on his previous trip, which 
was frankly insufficient to make a valid judgement of his personality.  We have gleaned various 
facts from Inspector Mihoshi's reports, and correspondence from the princesses.  But these 
lacked a certain, eh,  impartiality.  All three ladies seem highly taken with the prince."
   "They are indeed, Your Excellency."
   "But what is so attractive about him?  He seems rather unimpressive."
   "Tenchi is a very quiet, very shy, very serious person.  There have been few female 
influences in his life, and he has trouble dealing with them.  He hates to say 'no' to anybody, 
particularly when it's a pretty young face with fluttering eyelashes and a shining smile.  In 
the last year he has had to accommodate not one, but five female galactics moving in with him.  
The friction can be quite intense some days, and everyone competes for his attention."
   "Including you?"
   "Including me.  I'm not quite as intimidating as some of others, you see, so I don't often 
get involved with the day-to-day brawling."
   "'Brawling?'  Don't tell me the princesses are subjected to violence here."
   "Half the time they instigate the violence. (They are not quite the delicate flowers you 
might have imagined.)  And it is almost always over Tenchi."
   "I find that hard to believe."
   "You haven't seen the effect he has on everyone.  He is loyal, dependable, courageous, 
and has willingly risked his life for us.  He's also cute, which definitely appeals to the 
feminine side."
   "Then this is more complex than some simple adolescent infatuation?"
   "Well, maybe Sasami's crush on him is just puppy-love, but it goes deeper than that with 
everyone else."
   "Would he make a proper monarch?"
   "Someday, yes.  Right now, he's still very immature."
   "But you admire this boy?"
   "Admire him? I adore him."

					*  *  *

   Ayeka was wrapped in nothing but a towel and sandals, looking forward to a good soak in 
the pool.  She had much to think about, and was anxious about the decision Tenchi must make.  
It wasn't until she was at the water's edge that she noticed Ryoko, sitting in one corner of
the pool, brooding silently.  Ayeka was simply in no mood for an argument, which is really 
all she expected from Ryoko.  However, she was already poolside, and to back away now would 
be expressly bad form.
   "Oh.  Hello, Ayeka," Ryoko said.  "Come on in, I'll try not to disturb you."
   Ayeka was more than a little surprised.  No banter, no teasing, and the tone of her voice 
was definitely flat.  "Thank you, " she replied, and entered the pool.  Once settled, she 
couldn't help studying her rival.  She looked like she had been weeping: her eyes were puffy, 
some of the moisture on her face could have been tears, and her nose was runny.  She had a 
weary, defeated look about her.  In her hand was a cup, but she had been ignoring it.  "Is 
that sake you're drinking?"
   "No," she said softly.  "It's tea.  The sake is over in that bucket.  Help yourself."
   Ayeka was definitely interested now.  She had not seen Ryoko so withdrawn since the battle 
with Kagato.  All Ryoko's defenses were down, and if Ayeka really wanted to settle old scores, 
there would never be a better opportunity.  She considered venting her own anxieties on this 
helpless opponent, and dismissed it as unworthy.  She didn't much like Ryoko, but she did 
respect her.  She was also profoundly curious.  "May I have some tea?"
   Ryoko passed her the tray containing the teapot and cups, and returned to her brooding.
   Ayeka took the time to pour herself a cup and readjust her position before speaking,  "What 
is wrong, Ryoko?"
   "I've lost him," she said simply.  Ayeka knew whom she meant.  
   "How can you be so sure?"
   "The competition is too great.  I can't fight you and your father."
   "Are you conceding defeat?"
   "I won't have to.  He'll make the decision for me."
   "I believe I know how you feel."
   "None of you know how I feel.  He's the one person who has ever shown me any kindness and 
consideration and compassion.  He's even risked his life for me -- to save my hide when no one 
else gave a damn -- and he's never wanted anything in return...though I would give him anything 
he asked for.  I love him with every fabric of my being.  I'm just so afraid that one day he'll 
be gone, and I will have nothing left."
   "You have Washuu."
   "Yeah, I would have good old 'Mom.'  But where was she all the years I needed her?  Locked 
away by that bastard Kagato.  Not very comforting."
   "What will you do if he chooses another?"
   "I don't know.  I can't go back to the old ways.  I don't have such a black heart anymore, 
thanks to Tenchi.  Maybe a one-way trip into the nearest star..."
   "You have been assuming Lord Tenchi will choose me.  He might not."
   Ryoko snorted.
   "Are you basing your opinion on his lack of attention?  Your overwhelming displays of 
affection have scared him off so many times -- "
   "I don't have your pedigree, or training in the gentle arts.  I prefer things simple and 
direct."
   "Very well: I will be honest with you, since you have been honest with me.  I don't 
believe he will choose me, either."
   "And why not?  You have everything a man could want.  Beauty...wealth...prestige...and your 
father is ruler of an interstellar empire."
   "Where is love in that equation?  Lord Tenchi has not shown me any preference in the past.  
I believe he cares deeply for me, but is it love?  My heart will break if I see him choose 
another."
   "If he does, your father will find another suitor for you."
   "If you could not find another man like Lord Tenchi, what makes you think my father can?"
   They were interrupted by the slap-slap-slap of sandalled feet behind them, and then 
Mihoshi said, "Hi."  She was standing at the water's edge, wrapped in nothing but a towel.  
"Do you mind if I join you?"  Since neither Ayeka nor Ryoko objected, she waded into the pool.  
"Is that tea?  Can I have a cup?"  Ayeka passed along the tray.  "Are you as nervous as I am?"  
She fanned herself, shaking sweat droplets off her brow.  The waves she created disturbed 
the pool.
   "Yes," Ayeka replied.  "We are waiting anxiously for Lord Tenchi's decision."
   "It's going to be a real heart-breaker.  After I leave here I'll write to you, if you'll 
give me your addresses."  Ayeka exchanged glances with Ryoko.    
   "It sounds like you don't expect to be chosen," Ayeka said.
   "I don't.  Tenchi is so sweet, and so cute, and so brave, but I don't think he really cares 
for me the way I care for him.  What's the term for that?  Oh, yeah -- 'unrequited love.'"
   "What makes you think he doesn't love you?" asked Ryoko.
   "He's just so distant.  He's not very affectionate.  No holding hands, no hugging, no 
kissing."
   "We've noticed," Ayeka said.
   "I think he'll choose one of you two.  You're the ones that fight over him the most.  Most 
guys like that sort of thing."
   "How does that make you feel?" Ryoko asked.
   "Very sad.  I really like Tenchi.  I always hoped that he likes me."
   "Well, if it's any consolation, I think you have as good a chance as either of us," Ayeka 
said glumly.
   "So, this is where everyone is hiding" Washuu said.  She had come up behind them silently.  
She, too, was dressed for bathing.
   "You might as well join us," Ryoko said.  "Help yourself to some tea."
   "No sake?"
   "We're saving it for tonight.  Someone will celebrate, the rest of us will commiserate," 
Ayeka replied.
   Washuu settled into the pool.  "Not a very lively bunch."
   "It shows, huh?" asked Mihoshi, handing her the tea tray.
   "Yes."
   "Washuu, may I ask you a personal question?"
   "Sure, Ayeka.  What is it?"
   "What was it like being married?"
   Washuu sipped her tea, looking into the eyes of each woman -- particularly those of Ryoko.  
"It was wonderful, from what I remember.  It was a long time ago."
   "But what about the details?"  Ryoko asked.
   "The days were busy, the nights were passionate.  He was my best friend.  Look," she said 
candidly, "no two marriages are the same.  Don't base your fantasies on my rusty memories."
   "Who do you expect he will pick?" Mihoshi asked.
   "'Expect' or 'hope?'"
   "Both."
   "I expect a surprise.  I hope it's me."  
   Ryoko groaned.  "My own mother."
   "And why not me?  We're all older than he is.  We all have something to offer.  And just 
because I was penned-up longer than any of you, it doesn't mean the fires died out."
   "Your withdrawal was partly your own choice," Ayeka said.
   "No one is immune to heartbreak," Washuu replied.
   They heard footsteps and turned to find the source.  It was Sasami. She was fully clothed 
and wearing an apron.  "Hi," she said. "Lunch is almost ready, but I couldn't find anyone."
   "Any sign of Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka asked. 
   "No.  I haven't seen him.  He looked awful upset this morning."
   "He's not alone," Ryoko muttered.
   "Which one of you is he going to pick?"
   "That's what we've been discussing." Ayeka answered.
   "Did you figure it out?"
   "No."
   "He might pick you, Sasami," Washuu said.
   Sasami giggled.  "That would be really neat, but he's too old for me."
   "Now, perhaps.  But if he picked you he would have to wait until you are old enough.  A 
lot can happen during those years."
   "I'm willing to wait, if he is."  She remembered the stories of Ayeka's childhood 
betrothal.  It sounded so very romantic.
   "Aren't we all," Mihoshi sighed.
