Disclaimer:  The characters in this story are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  I am only using them in some scenarios 
that I have created.  This story is TV based, but I have 
mixed the goddess plot into it.  Enjoy the story.



Tenchi Muyo!
The Weak Heart



	Tenchi grabbed the electric bonds that held Ayeka.  
They shocked him, but he ripped them apart and fell into 
Ayeka's arms.  She hugged him tightly as he weakly glanced 
up at her.

	"Are you okay?" he asked.

	"I am fine," she smiled.  "Where's Ryoko?" she asked 
looking around.

	Tenchi's eyes shot up wide in surprise.  "Damn it," he 
cursed.  "She was supposed to be distracting Tokimi, but 
knowing her she's not," he spoke aloud and ran down the 
staircase.  Ayeka followed closely behind.  They ran into a 
big room surrounded in darkness.  The sound of a woman 
screaming alerted them.  Tenchi turned to see a woman 
soaked in blood.  Her hair slightly singed.  Her black and 
red battles suit was barely covering her body.  She smiled 
as she saw them.  She limped her way toward them as a huge 
shadow hovered behind her.

	"RYOKO!" Tenchi screamed.

	She turned back to see Tokimi's lance come crashing 
down.  She leaped back and saw the goddess looked 
surprisingly like her.  She tossed her energy rod and heard 
Tokimi gulp in surprise and fall down before her.  Ryoko 
fell back and looked down at herself.  She immediately 
wrapped her hand over the right side of her left breast.  
She looked back to see Tenchi and Ayeka hugging in relief.  
She hated not getting attention from him, but after what 
Ayeka's been through, she didn't mind.  After all, being a 
prisoner for a month was probably like hell.  She crawled 
to her feet and limped to let the couple have their fun.  
She also had to get to the doctor and fast.  She couldn't 
let her friends see her secret.  Only Dr. Lock was allowed 
to fix her wounds.  He was the only one that knew.  He was 
there for her when Kagato attacked her.  She was just about 
out, when the sound a whisper took her.

	"I saw your little secret," Tokimi whispered.  She 
smiled at Ryoko malevolently.  Her finger surged with 
electricity as it blasted into Ryoko's chest.  Ryoko's left 
arm flamed in a sharp pain.  She fell to her knees and 
surprise as she tossed a bolt of energy at Tokimi. 

	Tokimi laughed until the ball hit her and she 
screamed.  Then silence came and she was dead.  Ryoko 
whistled for Ryo-Ohki.  The others must not know.  She 
heard the little cabbit's purr and collapsed to the ground.

	"RYOKO!" Tenchi screamed as he ran to her side, but 
stepped back as a hissing cabbit blocked his path.  "Ryo-
Ohki, let me by," he said sternly.  The cabbit eased down 
and allowed him to pass.  He knelt on his knees and rolled 
Ryoko over.  His eyes lit up in surprise as a scar formed 
down her left side of her chest.  He looked curiously at 
the skin that he once thought was hers.  It was the same 
color, but it covered her chest to hide the scar.  He 
wondered why she would do that and checked her pulse.  He 
immediately laid her flat on her back and began pumping her 
lungs.  "Breathe.  Come on Breathe," he encouraged.  
"Ayeka, get help.  Hurry," he ordered and watched as she 
ran out of the chamber.
	
	After a few minutes, she returned with Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, and Washu.  Washu grabbed her med bag and began 
using electric shocks on Ryoko.  "Okay, 1, 2, 3."she 
counted and placed the twin boxes on Ryoko's chest.  
Ryoko's corpse leaped off the ground.  Washu waited a 
second, but still no movement.  "Again," she called out and 
counted.  She pushed the boxes on the chest and jumped back 
as Ryoko gasped for oxygen.  Blood poured out of her mouth.  
"Let's get her on the Yagami.  I will work on her in 
there," she told the other two women.  Kiyone and Mihoshi 
carried Ryoko off.  Ayeka followed from behind.  "Tenchi, 
she has had her heart replaced," she spoke out.

	"What do you mean?" he asked trying to follow.

	"She had a bad heart, and had it replaced with 
another.  Usually, it works out okay, but she was supposed 
to take it easy.  With the attack we just saw, it is 
amazing she came back to us," Washu explained.  She sounded 
like she was shocked at the entire situation.

	"Did Kagato do it?"

	"No, this one was probably since birth.  She does have 
a scar on her side that came from that battle, which was 
also covered with the extra skin cover.  The best we can do 
is keep her down for the rest of her life.  Another heart 
transplant can be done, but it won't be stable as the 
first.  She will have to take it easy for the rest of her 
life.  Her new heart will not be able to handle all of the 
extra activity," Washu said turning to go with the other 
girls.

	"It will kill her, Washu," Tenchi announced out.

	The scientist stopped and looked back.  Sadness 
appeared all over her face.  "I know."

	"She loves to move and be free.  Isn't there anything 
we can do?" he asked, almost begging.

	"Yes, stay away from her.  You will only encourage her 
stress.  Go with Ayeka and leave," Washu said and continued 
out to the gate.

	"I can't," he called out.  "She means too much to me.  
Ayeka knows that," Tenchi shouted.

	"Does she?" Washu asked and left the dumbfounded 
Tenchi.
	
	Tenchi stood there.  Washu was right.  Ayeka was not 
going to give up, and he wasn't sure whom he loved or was 
he.  Tenchi shook his head.  Of course he knew.  He almost 
lost Ryoko twice.  Each time without showing her he cared.  
She was in danger, more than he thought, and he abandoned 
her.  He didn't want that to happen a third time.  It might 
be their last.  He stood to his feet and left the dark 
chamber.  He couldn't for he loved Ryoko.
***
	Ryoko lay on the bed.  Her eyes were trying to focus 
on her surroundings.  The only way she knew she was alive 
was the awful pain in her chest.  She coughed and tried to 
get up.  She had to get to Dr. Lock.

	"Ryoko, lay back down," a man said and she felt 
someone resting her back.

	She tried to say no, but the words "Dr. Lock," mumbled 
out.  She raised her hand to her chest and felt the 
horrible scar.  She croaked and the memories returned.
***
	Two guys surrounded her. She was stuck.  She was on 
her way home, but her mother and dad were murdered for 
their money.  She was only fourteen and now they wanted her 
body.  She fought them and in return a knife was shoved 
into her heart.  She fell to the ground without a word.  
The men left, but a message was left on the wall 'Slick was 
here!'

	Ryoko awoke and looked at the doctor standing above 
her.  "You're awake.  I am Dr. Lock, your parents' private 
doctor.  We just gave you a new heart, Ryoko, but you are 
still going to have to go out into the world on your own.  
The police also have a few questions, but you need your 
rest," he said and left the room.

	Ryoko did as he said, but lived off the fame of being 
a victim of her parents' murder.  That only lasted for two 
months as she went to swim.  She walked down the beach with 
her new friend Kace.  She knew him since they were little 
and now they were dating.  She was sixteen and he was a 
senior in their high school.  Kace saw the ugly dark purple 
scar when she leaned over to grab a bottle of water.

	"Hey gang, check this out," he laughed and ripped 
Ryoko's bathing suit open.  Everyone starred at her, but 
not her breasts.  Just the ugly scar.  She screamed for 
help.  She was joke to them.  The police came, but arrested 
her.  She was banished from her own world two weeks later 
because Kace's dad was a world politician and he didn't 
want the publicity, so they made her look like a monster.  
That is when she had the idea of a pirate.  She couldn't 
mix with people.  She was now an outcast.  She smiled as 
only one thought could make the pain go away, revenge.  She 
would find Slick and make him pay.
***
	Ryoko awoke to the sound of thunder.  She looked down 
and found herself connected to many wires and a small tube 
connected to her wrist.  She heard noises outside of the 
room.  The room seemed familiar, but she didn't have one.  
She shook it off and stood to her feet, but collapsed to 
the ground, as her legs couldn't support her weight.  The 
door opened and Tenchi and Ayeka ran in.  Tenchi had 
lipstick on his lips and it matched the one's on Ayeka's.  

	Ryoko looked at it with horror and looked down at her 
chest.  It was wrapped.  They knew.  She had to get to Dr. 
Lock, the only man that seemed to care for her.  She must 
be some joke to this family now.  She wrapped her arms 
around herself and tried to crawl to the door.

	"Ryoko," Tenchi said in surprise and carried her into 
his arms.

	"I am not here to be teased, so you two enjoy your 
life and let me be with mine," she said weakly.

	"Ayeka, will you excuse us," Tenchi sighed.  

	"But, Lord Tenchi," she argued.  Tenchi glared at her 
and she left.  He turned back to the woman in his arms, the 
tube still connected on her wrist.

	"Ryoko, I can explain about Ayeka," he said.

	"I don't care about you or her.  I don't want to hear 
this," she cried surrounding her chest tighter and tighter 
with her arms.

	Tenchi saw this and looked back at her, "You are 
afraid that we won't like you because of a bad heart," he 
laughed.

	"You have no idea, what it is like to have your life 
taken away," she said in anger.

"Calm down, this isn't good for your new heart," he 
said rubbing his cheek to her forehead.  "Now tell me, and 
I will do my best to understand," he said laying her back 
in bed.

"My parents were killed almost six years ago.  I was 
stabbed in the heart, but survived thanks to my private 
doctor, Dr. Lock.  Everything was okay for a while.  Then a 
guy I was dating in school saw my scar on the beach.  He 
ripped my swimsuit and showed me to his friends.  I was 
banished, so I couldn't tell what happened.  They made me 
look like a monster," she cried.  "And for what?" she 
yelled.  "To save his hide from going to court on the 
account that his son abused to me.  His dad was a world 
politician on my planet.  He had the power to do anything," 
she said feeling the pain return.  She placed her hand over 
the bandage.  "They gave me Ryo-Ohki and I left on my hunt 
for the murderers of my parents, Slick and his comrade, 
Trater.  I became a bounty hunter and found the two within 
two years.  I was supposed to bring them in alive, but I 
killed them.  I thought the pain would go away, but it 
still haunted me.  Then I met you another two years later.  
Then Kagato attacked and I was afraid you and the others 
would find out.  Ryo-Ohki took me to Dr. Lock.  He fixed me 
up and I came back.  Now a year later, and you all find 
out," she cried.

Tenchi pulled her closer to him.  "I never knew," he 
said to himself.  This was the easy part.  The hard part 
was going to take this freedom away from he, the only thing 
that kept her safe from her painful memories.  "How did you 
meet Ayeka in Ryo-Ohki if she wasn't yours, yet?" he asked 
trying to ease the conversation before he told her the bad 
news.

"My mom and dad were ambassadors.  I got around easy.  
Ryo-Ohki belonged to them, but when they died Dr. Lock took 
care of her.  He gave her to me when I was banished.  I had 
no friends when I was away so I took what I wanted.  
Eventually, I had to give everything back."

"Ryoko, it gets worse," he sighed.  "Dr. Lock past 
away right after you left him."  He let her cry on his 
shoulder and pulled her away.  "Also, you can't do too much 
anymore.  You have had three transplants, and your body is 
not as strong as it once was.  You are supposed to slow 
down and only do things, before you feel tired.  You will 
tire out quicker, so you will know when to quit," he said.

"That's the bad news," she almost mocked in relief.

"No, the bad news is that you can't use your powers 
anymore.  Washu has disabled those abilities.  You're body 
is so weak that it can't handle your powers anymore," he 
said sadly.

"How can I defend, myself?  How can I fight?  My world 
is dying.  How can I." she cried out in fear.  

Tenchi could only stare at her.  She was alone and 
afraid.  She felt like no one loved her.  He pulled the 
covers back and blew air on to her naked stomach.  She gave 
a little giggled and he covered her up.

"You have me to do that for you," he smiled.

"I.I'm." she tried to speak as her eyes fluttered to 
close.

"Sshh, rest," he said and watched her fall asleep.
***
	Tenchi closed the door to his room.  He turned to see 
Ayeka.  She had tears falling down her cheeks.  He felt 
bad.  "What's wrong, Ayeka?"
	"I feel like I'm losing you," she cried out.

	Tenchi stood there in silence.  What could he do?  She 
was so beautiful.  He took a deep breath, and made his 
move.  He grabbed her in his arms and they kissed.  He felt 
her tongue twist with his.  Then, he broke it, pulling away 
slowly.  He stood there in shock of what he just did.

	Ayeka blushed and ran down the stairs.  She glanced 
back with a smile and continued down.  

	Tenchi followed behind.  He needed to think.
***
	The forest was beautiful, but it didn't make him feel 
better.  Tenchi sighed.  "I thought I loved Ryoko, but I 
kissed Ayeka.  I never kissed Ryoko, but now I don't know 
if I want to.  I think I am falling in love with Ayeka," he 
shook his head in a frenzy, "Maybe it would have been 
different if she wasn't injured, but I have seen Ayeka a 
lot more.  Damn it, if she wasn't so hurt, we might have 
fallen in love," he almost shouted.  He looked back at the 
sound of snapping twigs.  He looked back to see Ryo-Ohki 
starring at him.  He looked at her in fear, as the cabbit 
ran off.  "Damnit," he said in worry.  "Now Ryoko knows 
everything," he sat back down in defeat.
***
	Tears dropped on Ryoko's pillow.  She heard 
everything.  She knew it was too good to be true.  She will 
always be a weak monster to people.  Her birthday was 
tomorrow.  She hasn't celebrated it since her parents died.  
The only person who knew about it was Dr. Lock.  Now, if he 
is dead, Washu probably got Ryoko's medical records, 
meaning they all would try to celebrate it.  She felt 
excited, but the thought of them celebrating a monster's 
birthday was too real.  She decided it was time to leave 
and keep her secret a secret again.

	She eased herself out of bed and took off the all the 
electrical equipment attached to her.  She walked out of 
Tenchi's room and slipped into her closet.  She grabbed her 
red sweat pants and a matching sweatshirt.  She never liked 
undergarments.  They were so uncomfortable especially on 
her scar.  She put on a pair of white running shoes.  It 
was time to go for a run.  She had to leave before her 
birthday.
***
	Tenchi sat in bitterness as Ayeka sat beside him.  He 
looked at his new visitor.  He felt happy warm when she was 
around.  He could only smile at her.

	"Lord Tenchi, about this morning." she said, but 
Tenchi interrupted.

	"It's my fault.  I'm sorry," he spoke out like a 
begging boy.

	"Oh," Ayeka spoke a little startled.  "Well, what I 
meant was.did you do it because you loved me, or pity," she 
asked grasping her hands together as if praying.
	Tenchi could only stare at her in utter admiration.  
"I think it is.love," he hesitated.  Was it love?  He 
didn't know, but whatever he had for Ryoko was gone.

	"Anyways, Sasami has dinner ready.  Shall we?" she 
asked with her hand stretched out to take his.  Tenchi took 
it with a smile and they walked toward the path of the 
shrine.  
***
	Ryoko knocked out Washu easily.  The scientist didn't 
expect her to be up on her feet so fast.  She used Washu 
memory erasers to stop Washu from remembering what occurred 
in the last forty-eight hours. Now, she was on her jog with 
her medical files to the forest.  This would be a good way 
to get in shape and then she would be gone by tonight.  

	She ran along the path, and turned a corner to enter 
the forest, but she heard a noise from behind. She shook it 
off and took it as nothing.
***
	"Ayeka stay here.  I am going after her.  She is 
insane," he said in anger and ran into the woods.  Ayeka 
ran to the house to warn the others.  

	Tenchi saw her and continued running.  She should be 
feeling a pain in her arm by now.  She shouldn't be running 
out like this.  He called again, "RYOKO!!"
***
	Ryoko looked back at the sound of her name to see the 
man that also thought she was a monster.  She felt afraid 
and ran faster.  Pain ran up her arm.  It grew stronger.  
She didn't care.  She had to get away and dispose the files 
in her possession.  She ran and then the pain grew 
unbearable and she lost the feeling in her body as she 
fell.
***
	Tenchi ran as fast as he could and then leaped to 
catch her.  He caught her just in time and cradled her in 
his arms.  He was so mad at her, but the anger vanished 
when he saw the fear in her eyes.  He felt sick at himself.

	"Ryoko what is wrong what are you afraid of?" he asked 
trying to calm her heavy breathing.

	"Don't hurt me," she cried.

	Tenchi's eyes grew in shock as he said, "I would never 
hurt you."

	"I heard what you said.  You said I was in the way.  
You're no different than the people on my home world.  I am 
just a monster," she said in disgust.

	"Ryoko, that's not true.  I wouldn't be holding you 
like this if that were true.  We all care for you," he said 
soothingly.

	Ryoko felt dizzy.  "The pain," she began to convulse.

	"RYOKO!" Tenchi shouted.  He hugged her tightly.  
"It's alright.  Calm down.  Fight it, don't give in," he 
said trying not to hit her lungs.  He didn't want to lose 
her, and was ready to pump her lungs for air.

	Ryoko opened her eyes and relaxed in his arms.  Her 
breathing was normal and she eased back.  She was wet from 
her own sweat.  She did a lot to get where she did in her 
condition.  

	"At a girl," he said.  "Breathe."

	"I'm so." she reached for the folder with her medical 
records.

	Tenchi looked at the records in surprise and grabbed 
them.  He opened them to see Ryoko's ID.  His eyes grew 
wide in excitement as he saw her birth date.  It was 
amazing.  They didn't think she had a birthday.  She would 
be twenty tomorrow.  That would make her seven months older 
than him.

	"I never knew you were my age," he grinned.  He looked 
back at her in worry.  "What were you going to do with 
this?"

	"Burn it," she replied weakly.  "I didn't want people 
to know about me.  I don't want to be a monster again," she 
cried.

	"You are not a monster and will never be one," he said 
comforting.  "Now, take it easy.  I don't know what your 
limitations are, but don't aggravate your heart.  You need 
to respect it and your body," he said rocking her in his 
arms.

	"I.I want.want to.be free again," she whispered.

	"I want you to be to, but to keep you alive we need to 
take some freedom away.  I'm sorry," he said caring Ryoko 
toward the house.  She cried on his shoulder in defeat.  "I 
don't know how, but someday I will make it up to you," he 
said sadly.  It killed him to see her like this.  

Tenchi saw a crowd of familiar people waiting for 
them.  

"That was clever, Ryoko, but you can never out think a 
scientist," Washu gloated as she took Tenchi by the arm and 
led them in.  "Don't worry about me being mad.  After all, 
I know everything," she smiled sincerely at Ryoko.

Ryoko snuggled closer to Tenchi.  She seemed afraid of 
everyone.  Washu turned away, and contemplated on Ryoko's 
behavior.

They walked into Tenchi's room.  Tenchi laid Ryoko on 
the bed.  Tenchi held her hand as Washu took off Ryoko's 
clothes and put the wires back on.

	After Washu finished, Tenchi signaled to leave the 
room with his head.  They walked out the doorway and stood 
in silence.  Washu closed Tenchi's door as he spoke.

	"Washu, she is so afraid of us hating her.  She so far 
trusts me, but you saw how she refused to let go of my hand 
as you set her up," Tenchi announced.

	"I know, and that is why I left you the option at 
Tokimi's.  Now, that you have a love, what do you intend to 
do with Ryoko?" she asked with her arms crossed not daring 
to look at his eyes.

	Tenchi starred at her in surprise.  "How did you." he 
asked.

	"Like I told Ryoko I know all and more," she 
interrupted proudly.

	Tenchi sighed and leaned against the door.  His 
nervousness clearly shone as he rubbed his hair back madly.

	"Relax.  I know you lied to her," Washu said not 
moving from her side of the door.

	Tenchi starred at her in anger.  "I didn't lie," he 
snarled.

	"But you did.  You love Ayeka," Washu pointed out.

	Tenchi stopped his anger and leaned back in defeat.  
He shook his head.  "Everything I tried for her, and I 
still love Ayeka," he said.

	"Yep," Washu replied.  "Besides, she won't make it.  I 
would give her two days to live," Washu spoke out, but not 
intentional.

	"What?" Tenchi gasped.

	"Oops," Washu froze.

	"Why didn't you tell us?" he asked as his anger 
flourished again.

	"I did it to protect the family.  When she dies, 
everyone will toss the blame at one another, especially 
you," she yelled in defense.

	"That still doesn't give you the right not to tell us 
and let it happen," he roared in anger.

	"It does if I am putting all the blame on myself and 
no one else," she screamed.

	"That is besides the point," he shouted.

	"NO!  It is not beside the point.  Have you even 
thought, whom this would hurt more?" she paused and took a 
breath and shouted back before he got another word in, "No!  
How about Ryoko, then?" she snapped.  "You love Ayeka and 
the fact you were conceded on your own feelings and not 
hers proves it," she said calming down as Tenchi did the 
same.

	His eyes looked weary.  He faltered to the wall and 
slid down to the floor.  He was in shock.  His eyes were 
twitching wide open.  His jaw moved, but no words came out.  
He looked up at her.  "You're right," he said sadly. 

	"Good, then leave it as it is," she ordered.

	"No!" he fought back.  "She needs to know.  I owe her 
that much," he said biting his lip.

	"No!  You don't owe her a damn thing.  She should have 
been left to die.  At least it would have made it easy on 
us.  I brought her back to life because you asked me, too.  
I knew the effects of the decision, but I did it anyway.  I 
even warned you, but you were too confident to realize the 
truth," she said to him.

	"That doesn't mean I can't tell her," he pouted.

	"Do you know why she truly was destroying those 
records and going to leave?" Washu asked.

	Tenchi shook his head and waited for her explanation.  

	"She was going off to die, Tenchi.  She was erasing 
any evidence that she existed.  She already knows and 
letting her know that you know is even worse considering 
her feelings for you.  Even though, you don't feel the 
same," Washu stopped and turned to leave.  "Now you know 
the entire truth.  I am going to my lab to rest," she said 
looking back at him.  "I'm sorry."  She walked down the 
staircase leaving him there on the floor.
***
	A ship flew gallantly through space.  She soared in 
her metallic beauty.  The hull was painted in dark blue.  
The ship was in the shape of a jagged diamond.  It flew 
past a ringed planet.

	A man stood in the center of the bridge, which was 
full of dirty men and women.  Their clothes were torn rags.  
The man wore tight red leather slacks and closed vest.  A 
metal plate covered half of his face.  The other half 
looked normal.  His baldhead glistened in the light of the 
ship.  The man scratched his clean shaved chin.  His hand 
rested on the hilt of his rapier.

	"Why did it take you so long to find me, Nagi?" he 
asked the bounty hunter standing behind him.  

	"I did, but you are a hard pirate to find," she said 
looking cautiously at the men surrounding her.

	"I see," he said nodding his head.  "Are you sure she 
is on this planet, Earth?" he asked arrogantly.

	"Yes, I am.  Now where is my money?  I spent two years 
to get the money you promised me," she spoke out loudly.

	"You will get it," he smiled turning around and fired 
his pistol at the unsuspecting bounty hunter.  Nagi grunted 
as the shot hit through her chest.  She leaped over the men 
around her and grabbed the ladder to Ken-Ohki, as the ship 
took to the ceiling.  She climbed in.

	"Let's go, Ken-Ohki," she ordered holding her chest.  
"To Earth."
***
	The man looked on in amazement.  A small grin lingered 
on his face.  "You will pay Ryoko.  I will make your heart 
fall into pieces this time," he hissed.  He turned to his 
crew.  "Follow that ship, and prepare to invade.  Once I 
get Ryoko, destroy that planet."

	"But sir, Jurai's future emperor is on that planet," a 
man said from below the deck.

	"I know, but Jurai can come and die with this planet 
if they want.  It doesn't matter to me.   They already want 
my head.  After all, we stole the only metallic Jurai 
battle ship, and it is the most powerful.  Let them come," 
he smiled.
***
	Kiyone yawned looking at the reports.  This was a big 
case.  After the Tokimi incident, she and Mihoshi 
investigated the berandium shipment.  She had a gut feeling 
the missing Jurai battleship and the shipment were done on 
the same heist.  It all happened on the same day and two 
hours after the ship vanished.  She also heard the reports 
from Washu about Ryoko's blood test.  It was positive.  She 
also checked up on Ryoko's history.  Ryoko's parents were 
nonexistent.  A doctor whom helped heal crime bosses, Dr. 
Locke, raised her.  She lived in crime.  As for Slick and 
his comrade, one was found dead, but his body was 
identified as Trater's.  Slick was alive.  That was who 
they were trying to catch at the deal, but he was gone when 
they arrived.

	"Damn," she cursed.  She was back at square one.  She 
had to relocate Slick and bring him in.
***
	Washu took another sigh as she put the pieces 
together.  Now, it was time to tell Tenchi the entire 
truth, but what would he do to Ryoko.  Maybe nothing, if 
the last bit of information, Washu hopes is correct, is the 
truth.  If it is, she might be in better shape than now.

	She typed on her keyboard and located Tenchi and with 
another push on her keys, and Tenchi appeared in front of 
her with bokken in hand.

	"Tenchi, we have to talk," she said sternly.
***
	Ryoko placed the silver rod to her neck and pushed in 
as the glow red liquid left the vile and entered her body.  
Just as she was about to put it away, Tenchi burst into the 
room.  He was angry and grabbed her hand holding the vile.  
She dropped it as his grip was too strong for her.

	"What is that?" he yelled pointing at the broken vile.

	"It's a painkiller," she said in terror.

	"Stop lying," he shook her angrily.

	Ryoko screamed in absolute terror as memories came 
back.

	"Is the berandium?" he bellowed.

	She nodded her head and cuddled against the wall as if 
he was going to kill her.

	"This stuff is killing you.  Are just dumb?" he almost 
screamed.

	"NOOOOO!!!" she screamed.  "You don't understand and 
never will."

	"Understand what?  That you bring drugs into my 
house."

	"I was a test subject on the drug," she yelled in her 
defense.

	Tenchi stopped and let he spoke.  

	"Dr. Lock used it to heal me.  It is a drug that makes 
heart implants safer and more effective, but it has one 
problem.  It is highly addictive." She looked up at him and 
crawled back to the wall in terror.  "Then, Slick and 
Trater supported his research on the drug, and made mass 
production of it.  They sold it throughout the universe, 
and then it was declared illegal.  The two pirates did it 
in the black market and were wanted criminals.  I killed 
them as they tried to rape me.  My parents weren't 
politicians.  They were Dr. Lock's assistants.  They were 
killed when Slick and Trater stole the berandium.  I killed 
them and wound up with a stab in my heart.  The doctor used 
the drug to heal me, but I grew where I needed it more.  It 
made my heart weaker, but I didn't care.  I still needed 
it.  I have the plans to make it, that is why they were 
going to kill me, but I got them first," she explained 
still afraid.

	The window broke open and a woman fell in.  She was 
bleeding all over.

	"Nagi!" Tenchi said in surprise.

	"R.yo.ko!" she whispered.  "Slick hired me, and now he 
backstabbed me.  He is almost here," she gulped back the 
blood about to drip out of her mouth.

	"Impossible," Ryoko spoke silently.  "Hang in there 
Nagi," she said.

	Nagi shook her head no and convulsed, then shortly 
after, died.  Tenchi looked up at Ryoko.

	"He wants them, then he can have them," she snarled.  
She got to her feet still shaky and put on a black leather 
suit.  It was tight all around her body.  She placed a belt 
around her waist, and attached the sheath to the belt.  
Then, she put a rapier into the sheath.  "I will lead him 
away from the planet.  Otherwise, he will destroy it."

	She passed Tenchi and left the room.  Limping all the 
way.

	"Wait Ryoko!" he yelled charging after her.  "You 
think getting yourself killed is going to make up for the 
lies and drugs," he roared.

	"No.  It won't make up for my sins.  It doesn't matter 
anyway.  I am dying," she cried and walked down the 
staircase.

	Tenchi stopped and thought.  She was right.  She was 
going to die.  Nothing matters.  She came back for him, and 
he never loved her.  He remembered why he came back to 
earth.  He was going to be with Ryoko when she got back, if 
she got back.  He had to love her, but he didn't feel 
anything.

	"Tenchi!" Ayeka called.

	"What is it, Ayeka?" he asked.

	"I have summoned a fleet.  I heard everything from 
Washu," she said.  She looked around and saw no Ryoko.  
"Where's Ryoko?" she asked innocently.

	"She left to go die." he said in anger, but yet sad.

	"Die?  Why?" Ayeka asked out.

	"She is dying anyway.  She only has two days to live," 
he said sadly.
	
	"You're not going to help her.  Are you?" she asked as 
they heard Ryo-Ohki fly into the sky.

	"No!" he said sternly.  "She did it to herself."

	"Did she?"  Ayeka asked.  

	Tenchi looked at her.  "What do you mean?"

	"It wasn't her fault.  She didn't know the drugs the 
doctor gave her were going to be bad," Ayeka said.

	"But even when she did know, she still took them."

	"It was too late to quit.  She has no one to help her 
quit.  She was addicted," Ayeka explained.  "Besides, she 
risked her life once for you, and she didn't have to.  
Remember," she said sadly.

	Tenchi remembered.  Ryoko was injured and still sent 
him to Jurai, and here he was mad at her.  Ayeka was right. 
Maybe he really didn't want her to go.  "You're right, 
Ayeka.  Let's go!" he smiled.
***
	"Sir a vessel is approaching," said the helmsman.

	"Scan!" he ordered.

	"Yes, sir," he replied and in a few seconds looked 
back.  "It's her.  It's Ryo-Ohki," he smiled.

	"Excellent.  Head for the planet and ignore her," he 
smiled maliciously.

	"Sir!" gasped the helmsman.

	"You hear me," he yelled back.

	"Yes sir," he replied.

	"Might as well destroy two birds instead of one," he 
laughed.
***
	Ryoko leaned in her chair weakly.  "Why aren't they 
following us?  Damn!" she cursed.  "They're going to lure 
me in, and they know I will go."  She sighed and set the 
new commands to Ryo-Ohki.
***
	"She's coming back and attacking," said one of the 
men.

	"Fire at will," he ordered.  Show it on screen."

	The picture of the battle lay before him.  "Good and 
fire our other cannons on Earth," he smiled.

	"Yes, sir," came the reply.
	He watched with intent as Ryo-Ohki was taking a lot of 
damage and they were getting little.  He looked at Earth as 
fire could be seen from the stars.

	"Sir, a fleet is coming," he yelled out in worry.

	"The Jurians, buy how?  Attack them when in range," he 
called out.

	"Aye, sir."

	"So now the game's a foot."  He looked at his own 
censors and saw something big from their rear.  "Scan our 
ass," he yelled.

	Within a few moments, "Sir it is the Galaxy Police," 
said one of the men.

	"Fire one of the bombs on this thing.  That should 
weaken their forces for us," he ordered.

	"Deploying bomb, now," said another man.  "It is 
launched sir.  It will connect with target in ten minutes."

	"Good."

	"Sir, another ship is leaving Earth's atmosphere."

	"Take the Ryo-Ohki down and attack it," he screamed in 
rage.

	"Ryo-Ohki is out, sir," said a man on his right.
	
	"Excellent, now the battle begins," he laughed as the 
bomb exploded leaving only a tenth of the police force 
left.  His guns were already taken out Jurai ships.  He 
felt like a god in this ship.  He was invincible.
***
	Ryoko looked inside.  It was massive.  She leaped 
behind a corner as a guard walked around.  He walked 
cautiously where she was hiding.  Ryoko waited as his gun 
came into view and she wrapped around him snapping his 
neck.  She dragged his body into the shadows of the 
darkness.  She took his automatic weapon and ammunition.  
She carried the belt over her head and walked silently 
along the wall, her gun ready for anyone to come up on her.  
She stopped at a door and inserted the guard's I.D.   She 
walked into the massive room to see armed men waiting for 
her.  She starred at each side of the bridge.  Men were all 
over the ground.  She looked back in front of her at the 
infantry of men ready to fire at any moment.  She ignored 
the shouting man for her to surrender.  Her vision was 
already cloudy, she had to act fast and fire like a mad man 
to survive.  

	She took a deep breath, and grabbed the grenades 
attached behind her back.  She gave a wry smile.  She 
pulled the pins from the three grenades, and tossed them.  
Two went on opposites sides of the bridge and one flew to 
the group in front of her.

	An explosion roared and Ryoko fired like a maniac into 
the flames.  She grabbed another grenade and pulled its pin 
and threw it into the crowd below.  She remained firing in 
front until there was no one standing.
***
	"Sir, there is a fight in the generator room," said 
the man at the comm.

	"What?" he asked in surprise and looked at the 
monitor.  "DAMN!!" he roared.  "Those shields go.  We go," 
he ran to the door in rage.  "I will take care of this, 
myself," he said as the door closed.
***
	Tenchi stood with an entire Jurai team.  Ayeka stood 
in front of him.

	"We prefer not to use guns, but this is a battle we 
cannot win without guns.  Good luck and return alive," she 
almost cried with worry.

	"I will," he promised and boarded the small vessel.

	It took off into the mad rage of fire and flew to its 
target.

	"Be safe," she spoke.
***
	Ryoko starred at the piles of dead men.  She survived.  
She saw her targets the generators.  She grabbed the 
explosives and placed on in her pocket.  She was about 
ready to set them when the door opened.  A man in red 
leather walked out, but it wasn't Slick.  It was.

	"Trater," she whispered in surprise.

	"I'm alive, but my brother is dead.  You killed him, 
but more importantly.  Where is the instructions?" he 
smiled eagerly.

	"I'm not giving them to you, Trater," she told him.  
"My parents died for those papers, and what those papers 
made only game me less than thirty-six hours to live."

	"Really?  Well, then you die early," he said and 
pulled out his rapier.

	Ryoko fired a shot, but Trater's blade already cut her 
weapon in half.  He swung to pierce her heart.  Ryoko 
feeling her heart act up again parried as she pulled her 
rapier out.  The two remained locked.

	"This is where it ends, once and for all.  My search 
has finally comes to an end," he smiled with glee.
	"Only one problem," Ryoko struggled to fight off his 
overpowering strength.

	"What's that?" he asked tauntingly.

	"I'm still alive," she said and kicked him in the 
stomach.  The fight was on.  Ryoko swung to take his head 
and he blocked.  The two raced along the plank and through 
the door Trater came in.  She had him, but when she kicked 
him he rolled down some stairs, that she didn't see from 
behind him.  She ran down the stairs in a blaze.
***
	Tenchi remained firing at their attackers.  He never 
killed people with a gun before, especially hordes of them.  
He didn't care.  He only thought about saving Ryoko and his 
world. 

	"Go, Lord Tenchi," the commander ordered.  "We will 
cover you," he yelled over the roaring noise of screams and 
gunfire.  Tenchi nodded his head and ran toward the door.  
He found it open and leaped in.  What he saw amazed him 
more.  Dead men lay everywhere.  It looked to be that she 
wasn't here too long ago, but was she still alive?  He ran 
to the next room and looked down the staircase.  

	"Down I go," he said to himself.
***
	Ryoko blocked his blow for her side and pushed into a 
fork.  He swung to bring her back, but she parried and 
pushed him down the left of the hall.  Their blades clashed 
as the door behind him opened.  She kept pushing him back. 

	The next room was huge and a giant glowing rod filled 
most of the room.  Ryoko knew exactly what it was.  The 
core to the entire ship, if it goes, the entire ship goes 
with it.  She was about to take his legs, but he punched 
her to the ground.  Ryoko gasped in pain.  Her heart was 
giving out on her.  She wasn't going to make it.  She 
looked in front of her to see the explosive that was in her 
pocket.  It must have fallen out.  She tried to reach it, 
but it fell down to the bottom of the core.  She 
immediately, by instinct, rolled to her left.  She did it 
barely in time as Trater's blade clashed to the metal her 
struck.  She grabbed her rapier and blocked his next 
attack.

	Trater stopped and spoke, "You want to see what you 
did to my face?  Do you?" he asked in anger.  He slowly 
removed the metal mask and rubbed the big scar that was the 
other half of his face.  "You burned it.  I have no eye, or 
reasonable looking features, just a scar.  You did that to 
me with your damn fireball.  Now, I am going to repay the 
favor by stabbing your heart out," he hissed and attacked 
her again.
***
	Tenchi ran down the hall.  He stopped at the fork, and 
looked at which direction.  The sound of swords clashing 
made him run left.  He ran to the door.
***
	The commander hid behind the door.  "Blow it," he 
ordered and an explosion shook the ship.  "Send word to our 
ships.  The shields are offline.  Take out the core."

	"Yes sir," one of the men replied.

	"Lord Tenchi, the shields are blown.  We have to get 
out of here before she blows," he spoke into his 
microphone.

	"I am not leaving without Ryoko.  Tell them to fire.  
I will be all right," he relied through the commander's 
earpiece.
***
	"That's the signal, men.  We only one shot at the 
core, so make it count.  She will out flank us after the 
first shot," the general of the Jurai fleet announced to 
his crew.  "Target," he ordered.

	"Target," came a reply.

	"Fire," he said as sweat dripped down his wrinkled 
skin.
***
	The Jurai vessel glowed in blue light as a beam 
blasted from it.  The beam traveled through space like 
nothing was in its way.  It flowed to the center of its 
target and connected.  A fiery ball of fire ignited on the 
enemy's vessel.
***
	On the Jurai command ship.

	"Sir, we missed," reported the comm.

	"Damn, we can't stop it," he said losing hope.
***
	Ryoko flew into the wall as a ball of fire shook above 
them, but missing the core.  Trater flew into the opposite 
wall.  He got to his feet to see Ryoko's own sword sticking 
in his chest.  He looked up in surprise and saw his sword 
went through her leg.  Some debris rested on top of her, as 
her legs and feet faced him.  

	He crawled to his feet and arched his back inward.  He 
pulled her rapier from his chest and crawled to her.  His 
eyes burned for blood.  He saw his target.  He was about to 
strike when he flew back into the wall and darkness took 
him.
***
	Tenchi stood still lowering his leg to the ground.  He 
ran to Ryoko.  

	"Come on.  I am here to get you out," he said in 
relief.

	"I will if you can get this debris off of me," she 
said eagerly.

	He looked at the wall that fell on her.  It was the 
entire wall.  He couldn't move it.  "Ryoko, I am not going 
to lose you," he almost cried.  The feeling of love 
returned and he knew.

	"Go, I won't die this easily.  I will see you on 
earth," she said weakly as her breathing began to slow.

	"I won't leave you," he grabbed her hand in his.

	"I am not a monster, anymore," she smiled in relief.

	"You never was a monster," he wiped his tears.  
"because I love you," he said kissing her lips for the 
first time.

	"Go!" she screamed.

	"Lord Tenchi," came the commander's voice.  "We have 
to go."

	"I won't leave her," he yelled back.

	"If you don't," he said, and then Tenchi fell to the 
ground unconscious.

	Ryoko watched in sadness, but nodded thanks to the 
commander.  He gave smile, as he understood and carried 
Tenchi off.

	She waited to give them time to leave.
***
	It has been ten minutes and they all just boarded the 
shuttle.  It was time to leave as the ship took off to the 
fleet, leaving the abandoning pirates to their deadly fate.
***
	Ryoko looked back at Trater as he gave her smile.  
Fire entered the room they were in. Ryoko held up the 
detonator.  Trater saw it and his eyes grew in fear.

	"NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!" he screamed and she pushed the 
button.

	"I love you, too," she wept, and the explosion erupted 
throughout the ship.  
***
	Tenchi watched as the ship in front of them exploded 
into a giant ball of fire.  The light vanished leaving no 
trace of the vessel.

	"Ryoko!" he screamed.  
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!"
***
	Tenchi starred out the window.  He felt empty and 
alone, since his fate changed yesterday.  Today would have 
been her birthday.  Ayeka and Sasami went back to Jurai 
with the fleet.  Ayeka felt he loved Ryoko and decided to 
move on.  Sasami went with her sister to help her sister 
feel happy again.  Mihoshi and Kiyone were promoted again, 
and rarely come back to visit.  Washu stayed, but has been 
locked up in her lab, since he got back.

	"Ryoko, why?" he asked sadly.
	He wanted to be with her, but now she was gone.  He 
could almost hear her breathe.  He could almost hear her 
voice.

	"Why so glum?" he would hear.

	Tenchi shook his head in disbelief to see her.  He 
rubbed his eyes hoping it wasn't an illusion.  When he 
opened his eyes, she was still there.  "Ryoko," he asked in 
disbelief.

	"Yeah," she replied weakly.  Blood dripped from her 
leg.  She was dirty, and her hand held over her heart 
tightly.

	"Ryoko!" Tenchi hollered in relief and joy.  Her knees 
buckled and she collapsed.  Tenchi caught her before she 
hit the ground.  "How did you survive?" he asked happily.

	"I don't know," she whispered exhaustedly.

	"Because I brought you here," came the familiar 
scientist's voice.

	"Washu?" Tenchi asked.

	"Yes, I can save your life and repair the damage the 
drug has done to your body.  I can also cure your 
addiction, but tell me where the berandium is."

	Ryoko arched an eyebrow in warning.

	"Actually, I just want you to destroy it.  I don't 
need it, and neither do you.  Gees, you would think I was 
one of those pirates," she said sarcastically.  She walked 
up and placed a shot into Ryoko's heart.  "Rest, you will 
be all right, now.  Just in case, I am putting you back in 
his bed and connected to the wires.  I am going to monitor 
you for tonight."  She looked at Tenchi.  "If you, will do 
the honors," she smiled.

	Tenchi smiled back and carried Ryoko.  He laid her 
back in bed as Washu threw Ryoko's clothes off, and 
connected the wires and bandaged Ryoko's leg.  She pulled 
his covers over Ryoko, and waved the couple good night.

	Tenchi waited until she left, and glanced back at 
Ryoko.  "I thought I lost you again," he said hugging her 
gently.

	"I thought I was gone, too," she said sleepily.

	"I will never do that again.  We will be together 
forever, now.  I will make sure of that," he smiled kissing 
her forehead.

	"I will always love you," she whispered as the pain in 
her body ceased.  Washu's medicine was doing wonders. 

	"I know, and I will love you always," he said kissing 
her.  They kissed and gently pulled away.

	Tenchi looked down.  She was already almost asleep.  
He crawled in bed beside her and drifted to sleep himself.  
"Good night, Ryoko.  I love you."


THE END


That is the end of this fan fic, a different story.  A lot 
of my work usually leads you in to not knowing where I am 
going with the plot, but this one.  I didn't throw in a lot 
of surprises in this one, and I apologize for it.  Please 
send comments and questions on this fan fic to 
washu@saiyan.com.  Thanks for reading my story and stay 
tuned for my future fics. 
	
	




