Subject: newe
Date: Wed, 29 Dec 1999 03:55:16 -0800 (PST)
From: xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx <theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com>
To: gensao@tmffa.com

Weak 10
By the Unknown DJ
Pre-read by Anyaku: Many thanks for saving this fic!
Bobertkay: Thank you!

10. It had started with 10. Deep in the labs of a
corporation there had been 10 of them: youthful,
intelligent, magical. They were to be the new project,
the project to bring the people on a washed up planet
of Retross. For years, the planet had been leaving a
below average lifestyle in a Dark Age, but that would
change. It was finally ready to be brought up to pace
with the rest of the galaxy. In fact, it was going to
take a jump ahead of everyone else.
                The 10. They were children from cities around
the planet. Like all other kids, they were on the
verge of adulthood and ready to discover specific
realities about the future. However, what made them
different was an abnormality in their mind, a strong
psychic bond. It allowed the children to do things
that other’s their age only dreamed of wished for. So,
in the middle of a technological crisis, how can a
handful of extra-ordinary kids help create a solution?
That, is where Gexa came in.

Gexa was the your average, everyday, multinational
corporation that dealt with science and biological
advances. It was always on the move, exploring new
possibilities and trying to just create a new and
better tomorrow. For awhile, they lived up to their
standards and they were, in the public’s view, a good,
Hardworking Company.
But as everyone has known to see at some time, or
another, the company stopped carrying about its
customers and instead, went for high profit moves.
Prices were inflated on their existing products and
objects were obtained for cheapness in price, without
a care of quality. It was now, that Gexa turned to an
even darker side and soon it opened up to a new idea:
human research. The idea, at one time, would have been
out of the question by Gexa rules. It would have been
thought of as evil and completely inhumane. With
little appeal from employees, (Only CEO’s, or high
Gexa officials count here), the decision to test on
their own kind was forwarded and ratified.
Then, Anthropologists, Biologists, and Psychologists
were all hired to start tests on people in broad
subject areas. After about 5 years of poking and
prodding, a scientist came across a rare finding. He
had been dealing with a middle-aged man who had been
rumored to have some small psychic capabilities.
Through many tests, the scientist finally developed a
way to suck the man’s psychic energy out of him and
into a storage unit. The scientist had then released
the energy into the building’s power system and with
the proper handling, the building had been able to run
off the new energy source for over a month.
However, the man had died immediately after the energy
had been taken from him. It was as if the machine had
sucked the life out of him. This caused the scientist
a small confusion, until he had come across a young
girl with the same capabilities. The girl had been
about seven when she was committed and for the next 18
years, the scientist monitored her.
These years produced a graph for the scientist,
showing him a huge difference from the man. At the
beginning of the girl’s stay, her power had already
been more then four times quantity of the man. Then,
as the years progressed, the girl’s power increased at
unsteady rate. But, it never decreased and it always
increased by at least 280%. Finally, at the age of 17,
the girl had reached her peak. She had now more then
30 times her original power. If Gexa had not been as
protective as it was and if the girl herself had been
aware of her power, godlike acts could have been
committed. Gexa’s luck had been good though, and not
once had the girl been made aware of her power.
For the next 8 years, the girl’s power began to slowly
decrease. The scientist slowly did calculations and
statistics tests with stats from each new year, until
he came across a result: when the girl reached the age
of the man, she have just about the same amount
psychic energy that he had.
Meanwhile, the girl was becoming mentally disturbed.
Everyday, she was experimented on, samples drawn from
her, and it had become too much to bear. Also,
memories of her family had come to haunt her, first in
her dreams, and then in her conscious state of mind.
One fateful day, a nurse had entered her cell to find
the girl dead from strangling herself with her own bed
sheets. Strangely enough, her dead face had small grin
on it, as if self-satisfaction had been gained by
ridding herself of her life.
Thus, a decision was made. Even though the only
two-test subject who had taken place in these sets of
experiments had died, research would continue. Only
now, security would be increased once again and the
patients would be given food with heavy sedatives and
suppression pills, so they would always be tired and
more willing. Also, the patients would be given high
levels of education, so they could progress far beyond
their supposed intellectual levels. However, the
education itself left out many key points of life. Non
of the students would be allowed to learn about
emotional feelings, creative thought process, and
especially about love. For these posed threats to a
patient’s, “well being.”
Then new subjects were found, with the help of a
malevolent bounty hunter, and quickly they were sent
to live in Gexa’s establishment. At very young ages
between 2 and 10 years old, the ten new test subjects
began to go through. Quickly, the children’s memories
were wiped in hopes that their past relationships
could be forgotten. The project went on, quietly for
about 7 years. Then, two subjects had reached their
peaks and were sucked of their energy.
Despite not knowing that there were other kids in the
facility due to the isolation factors, the some of the
eight remaining subjects knew something was wrong. The
guards had been acting strange and quiet, and the
teachers had acted as if they were missing something.
Also, the scientists had demanded more samples then
usual. A year later, the program was discovered from a
different party…


He sat in his cell, alone and tired. He had just
finished his lunch ration and he already felt a little
drowsy. By his knowledge of the daily schedule, he
time to fit in a small nap before the guards came to
take him to his schooling
                Schooling, the most entertaining part of his
day, consisted of five hours where four different
people gave him five subjects: Language Comprehension
with Dr. Scot, Mathematics with Dr. Ferdiriko, Science
Text and Biological research with Dr. Zanqua, and
finally, his favorite class, Anthorpology with Dr.
Cany.
        Anthropology had his favorite class, because not a
lot was expected of him and Dr. Cany wasn’t very
strict. During this class, all he had to was what Dr.
Cany asked him to do. Some days, the tasks were long
and boring, like seeing how high he could multiply, or
describing, in scientific terms, the life of a cabbit,
or fruit flies. Other days, however, the tasks were
deeper.
        Dr. Cany would have him concentrate his mind on an
object and see if the he could levitate it. Or Dr.
Cany would think of a random number inside and have
him try to guess it. These activities were probably
the only thing that gave him any entertainment at all.
Otherwise, he had to spend his time in his cell, which
contained very, little that would interest anyone.
        His cell was shaped like a box, with the sides about
8 feet in length. On one side was his bed, which I
might add, was pretty comfortable and contained 3
sheets and a comforter. He had a small chair which was
very small, stiff, and it resembled a plastic lawn
chair. On the wall was a comlink that connected him to
an office, where he could ask for provisions. The only
other item in the room was a small shelf that
contained several books on mathematical theories,
grammar processing, and biology. If he wanted new
clothes or food he had to use the comlink.
        As he sat on his bed, waiting for the lessons, a
harsh knock came at the door. This signaled the boy to
stand at his bed, ready. After a couple seconds, the
door opened and in entered a man in a black uniform
marked, “Gexa Employee #456,327: Quarias Scroggins.”
The man was pretty chubby, longhaired, and a grey
brown beard hung from his face. Strapped to his back
was a large rifle. The man did look menacing, but only
to a stranger. He smiled at the boy and greeted him
with a big friendly grin, “Hello, boy! You ready for
yer lessons?” The boy returned the smile, very happy
to see his friend.

Through all the years spent in Gexa, Scroggins had
been the only person who had treated the boy like a
boy. Never once did he refer to the kid as his
codename, “Seven”, and he had always greeted the boy
with a lot of friendliness. After all, the kid had
never really been able to, “experience”, life and
Scroggins hated the idea of the boy locked in the
cell.
        But what could I do? Scroggins had thought of this
for a long time now, but everytime it came up,
Scroggins was brought back to the realization that he
was old, overweight, and underpaid. If he tried to get
permission to take the boy away from the company, he
would get laughed at and then possibly fired. And if
he were fired, the boy would never see him again.
        The only other realisitic option involved Scroggins
getting word of the boy out into public. A lot of good
that would do though. Gexa would quickly hide the boy,
cover it up as a conspiracy, and then pay someone off
to get Scroggins head put on a silver platter. So,
with these factors in mind, Scroggins had kept his job
as a security guard for the Gexa Corporation.

        “Yes, Scroggins. I’m very anxious to get to class!”
said the boy. He also knew that Scroggins would get
fired if he tried anything bad and the clear aftermath
would never again involve a relationship for the boy.
And if complete isolation from a bond with someone
ever happened to him, the boy knew he couldn’t
survive.
        “Well, we will take you to class, but first, we have
to have an inspection. I’m sorry, boy.” The kid
groaned at the thought of an inspection. They lasted
for a long time and not once had the boy ever been
allowed the knowledge of what happened. It basically
meant he would have to sit around and wait till
Scroggins returned. “Okay,” replied the boy. With
that, Scroggins said good bye and closed the door.
        On the outside of the door, Scroggins touched a
couple of buttons on the adjacent wall. After the code
was entered, a slab of wall slid down and concealed
the entrance to the boy’s cell. The wall itself, was
hollow, (for the boy’s breathing purposes), but it
hidden the door well from ocular view. I sure hope
this goes by quick, thought Scroggins to himself.

Kiyone stood at the gate entrance to the office
building that she would be inspecting. She never knew
why the GP had sent her on these missions, but mostly
she was just supposed to make sure that no illegal
activity was at hand. For, Kiyone, it seemed like a
waste of time. Most of the places were huge
corporations and companies that either had no problems
or that could hide their problems well from possible
findigs of illegal activity. The only way you find out
every possible secret would be to point a gun to the
CEO’s head, while having the whole force rip the place
apart.
        She entered the building, alone. She was
surprised, (and a little relieved) that she would be
doing this inspection on her own. Without Mihoshi, she
would not worry about embarrassment and she couldn’t
possibly mess up anything as bad with the blonde
bombshell. After all, Mihoshi said she wasn't feeling
well, so Kiyone had let her stay at home. Later,
Kiyone would have wished for back from anyone,
including Mihoshi.
The receptionist called her boss and soon, two men in
suits came to greet her. One was a tall, scary looking
man, who was also very skinny and he wore a morbid
expression on his face. He reminded Kiyone of Lurch or
Herman Munster, but both of those television
characters were a lot more happy then this guy.
The other was a short, fat man who had a wide grin.
Over the grin was a thin and pointy mustache, followed
by a long skinny nose. His hair was black and slicked
back, his suit neatly pressed. To Kiyone, he was the
sleaziest they came, (after Nobuyuki of course). He
was the definiton of a rat.
        "Hello, Officer," said the fat one, "My name
is Diggs and this is Vaken. We will be showing you the
premises of our company, to assure you everything is
in fine condition."
        "Well, lets hurry it up then. I have to see
more companies with flawless repuations, so I want to
get this thing going" At this reply, Kiyone saw Diggs
frown. Instantly, her intuition told her that this man
was a suck up, a squeeze, and pet. If this company
were ever seriously threatened with slander, or
gossip, this man would probably be on the front line
of the opposition. After the man openingly showed his
uneasiness to Kiyone, he turned and headed to a large
corridor. “Right this way,” said Diggs.ENDZ

You like? E-mail theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com. DJ out.

__________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Talk to your friends online with Yahoo! Messenger.
http://messenger.yahoo.com
