Tenchi Muyo!  is the property of Pioneer and AIC.  
I've no intention of using this to garner profits of 
any kind or type, so unless you like to take a poor 
man's computer away from him, please don't sue me!? 
Please?

All other characters, depictions, places, and 
theories that have been put into place are my own 
creation and have no relevance to Tenchi Muyo in any 
way except in the ways I've explained. These are my 
own thoughts and imagination, and any relation to 
other stories that are not my own are accidental.  
Honest.  

My e-mail is kerrigan2001@attbi.com for any and all 
feedback.  Please, PLEASE SEND FEEDBACK OF ANY KIND!!! 
Thank you!  ^-^

All right, enough talk more action....

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~Tenchi Muyo:  The Web of Life~~~
~~~Chapter 1: Omens and Falling Stars (Rev. 5.0)~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


	The forest seemed alive tonight.
	The breeze moved gently up along the trodden 
path, barely moving the blades of grass and leaves of 
the trees, giving the impression to a certain black 
haired young man that the forest was breathing and 
watching his every move.  His face and eyes gave the 
look of serenity, something that he wasn't able to 
find anywhere else, if one knew about his home life.  
Walking slowly through the paths for several minutes, 
the young man found exactly what he was looking for; 
a cliff that jutted out over the forest that 
surrounded the lake near his home.  He stood there 
for several minutes, and straightened out his brown 
shirt.  Brushing off his blue denim jeans he let out 
a small sigh, and stared contentedly at the view in 
front of him.  The temple sat on the mountain nearby, 
lit up barely by lights within.  The place he called 
home was lit up also, which shed ample light onto the 
whole scene.  The moon was full and bright and the 
lake below was rippling, giving a distorted yet 
comforting reflection of the entire scene.  His small 
pony tail moved in the breeze that came from up 
behind, and he sighed a second time.
	"Tenchi Masaki, for the first time you're 
actually breathing easy."  He smiled to himself.  He 
knew that times like this didn't come easily, or 
without a price.  He would have to make it up to the 
girls waiting for him to come home, as per their 
agreement.  After the Jurai royal family had left and 
let the two princesses, Ayeka and Sasami, to remain 
on Earth with Tenchi and the others, his life seemed 
to actually mellow out.  Several months later, and 
graduating from his junior year in high school, he 
was enjoying the first night of freedom away from 
schoolbooks.  He tilted his head to one side, and 
began to think more heavily.
	I'm actually alive, happy and with my family, 
Tenchi thought, watching the rippling of the lake 
below.  I just wish Mom was here to see me, I wonder 
what she would say?  A single tear slipped through 
his brown eyes, and found its way toward the ground 
he stood upon.  I miss you, Mom, I really do.  
Several more tears found their mark on the stone 
before long and Tenchi's body soon became tense with 
emotions he tried to hold back.  The sheer power of 
the thoughts rampaging through his body drove Tenchi 
to his knees, who let the full effect take him.  
	The roar of what sounded like a screaming train 
broke Tenchi away from his thoughts.  He looked 
toward the sky to see a shooting star, green light 
flowing and splaying out into the air.  From his 
viewpoint, it seemed to be heading for the forest 
below his current location.  Time seemed to slow as 
Tenchi kept gazing at the comet.  What first had 
piqued his interest, had rapidly gained his undivided 
and awestruck attention.
	Tenchi had heard about many comets and falling 
stars before; his grandfather had told him many a 
story of omens that followed a falling star, but 
never before had he see one actually fall to Earth 
before.  As he peered at 
the comet coming down from the heavens, Tenchi had 
instinctively began glowing a faint azure, a sign 
that his innate powers as a royal family member of 
Jurai were 
becoming active.  Tenchi watched as the comet seemed 
to fall into focus; first as a ball of green, and 
then it seemingly zoomed in to about the size of a 
baseball, then a basketball.  As it began to take a 
solid shape in his eyes, Tenchi's expression went 
from curiosity, then to amazement, to finally 
outright panic.  Within the ball of green was a 
humanoid form, barreling toward the ground at an 
extremely alarming speed.  After one or two more 
seconds, the green ball had blown through the forest 
canopy and impacted.
	THOOOOOOOM!!
	The ground vibrated with the force of the 
impact for a few seconds, which was long enough for 
Tenchi to wake himself out of his daze and reach 
inside one 
of his jean pockets.  Pulling out a long band of 
metal covered with several small buttons, he wrapped 
it around his wrist and pushed one of the buttons.  
Almost instantly, a small rectangular view-screen 
appeared above the wristband, showing a redheaded 
young girl, dressed in a scientist's smock.  After 
several 
seconds, she looked at the view-screen and smiled 
happily, her green eyes shimmering.
	"Washu here.  What's up, Tenchi?"
	"Uh, Little Washu, you probably know that a 
comet or meteor crashed nearby just a few seconds ago, 
I'm guessing?"  The girl's eyes darted off-screen for 
a second, then back toward Tenchi.
	"Yeah, but it's a normal occurrence on Earth."  
He nodded, and gave a worried look.
	"I don't remember too many humanoids that fall 
to Earth, though."  She gave Tenchi a bemused look, 
and her eyes darted off-screen a second time.
	"Hmm.  I'll be right out to double check your 
findings.  But are you sure that there was someone, 
not just something, in that meteor?"  He gave a 
muffled response, and she looked back at the view-
screen toward Tenchi.
	"Okay, but I'm bringing Ryoko along as a 
security measure.  We don't want or need any 
unnecessary bloodshed going on, so be careful.  Don't 
get closer than the edge of the crash site, and we'll 
meet you there.  Washu out."  The view-screen winked 
out just as quickly as it had appeared, and Tenchi 
peered over the ledge he stood upon.  The ground 
below was about 60 feet down, and there didn't seem 
to be any way to get there quickly, with the only 
path toward the forest below was back behind him.  
That would take too long, Tenchi surmised, and the 
young man positioned himself at the edge.
	"I can't believe I'm doing this."  He muttered, 
and hopped off of the ledge.
	Initially, gravity had a strong hold, which 
kept Tenchi from focusing the way he should.  After 
several feet, his training had kicked in, and the 
freefalling young man began to glow a faint blue yet 
again.  He slowed his 
decent into a float, and landed on the ground without 
incident.  Tenchi smiled faintly, gave himself a 
mental pat on the back and began running toward the 
crash site, hoping that whoever landed there was 
still alive.

	~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~	
	Inside the Masaki house, it was peaceful.  Two 
beautiful, teenage women sat across from each other 
in an engaging game of checkers, while a young girl, 
another young woman and what looked to be a brown cat 
sat on the couch watching television.  For the most 
part, it was quiet and pristine.	
	One of the two women playing checkers, a quiet 
looking girl with long purple hair, sighed in 
frustration.  She had worn a simple evening kimono, a 
deep blue with crimson red needlework of dragons and 
kanji.  Her red eyes were focused on the board before 
her, and she furrowed her brow in thought.  Meanwhile, 
the other woman simply observed the first with 
catlike golden eyes, feinting interest.  She watched 
the other while playing with a lock of her spiky cyan 
hair in one hand, and holding her chin with the other.  
Her eveningwear was a simple red summer dress that 
hung to her knees, with a black windbreaker 
jacket that covered her shoulders.  She yawned and 
rolled her eyes before speaking.
	"C'mon, Ayeka!  Are you intending to drag this 
game into eternity, or just extend the inevitable?"  
The purple haired girl looked up from the board with 
a glower for a moment, and back down toward the 
checkerboard.  She had hovered one hand above her 
black checkerboard piece, considering her next move.  
After several more seconds, she grabbed a nearby 
piece and jumped two of the red 
pieces nearest to it.  She looked up at the cyan-
haired woman, who had a raised eyebrow at the recent 
turn of events in the game.  Shrugging her shoulders, 
Ayeka smiled confidently at her opponent and sat back 
in her seat.
	"Your turn, Ryoko."  The cyan haired woman 
raised an eyebrow at the statement, gazed at her 
opponent with a bored look, and quickly smiled.
	"Ah, well, better now than the turn of the 
century."
	"Considering your age, I figured you wouldn't 
mind the wait."  Ryoko's confidence faded quickly 
into a glower.
	"Keep it up, and we'll see who lives past the 
end of the night."  Ayeka began her turn at a 
confident smile.
	"Perhaps, but first you have a turn to play, 
and a game to lose."
	"Right.  And who was it who lost the first game 
tonight?"
	"Don't get cocky, pirate.  I was getting a feel 
for your playing skill and, now that I have you 
weighed and measured, I will beat you."  Ryoko 
chuckled warmly, and studied the checkerboard for a 
few moments.  Both girls had taken an equal number of 
pieces from their opponent's, and considering that 
both girls won a game each, they were at a stalemate 
of sorts.  Scooping up several of Ayeka's checker 
pieces she had taken earlier in their game, Ryoko 
toyed with them while deep in her own thoughts.  She 
grumbled, wondering why exactly she had agreed not to 
completely pummel Ayeka's retorts and replies right 
out of her 
head.  She sighed, and a very faint blush snuck over 
Ryoko's face; Tenchi was so cute when he was serious, 
especially when he talked about not blowing up the 
living room one more time.  Ah well, she thought, 
better to beat Ayeka at her favorite games than to 
sleep in that damned cave.
	A resounding rumble shook the house, and the 
checkerboard shook its pieces off as if they were a 
nuisance.  Ayeka sat up straight, and stared at the 
closet 
door behind Ryoko, then at Ryoko.  The cyan haired 
pirate didn't move or budge from her spot for several 
minutes.
	"Should we check up on her?" Ayeka asked, 
concerned.
	"Nope, she'll be out in just a couple of 
seconds...."
	Behind Ryoko, the closet door swung open wildly 
and crashed against the wall with a heavy thud.  All 
of the girls in the room, surprised by the suddenness 
of the explosion and the closet door, turned toward 
the door to see a young redheaded girl step out.  She 
wore a red paramedic's outfit, complete with 
stethoscope and adhesive bandages bulging out of her 
breast pockets.  She gave a 
quick glance around the room, and stopped on Ryoko, 
who had turned around to look at the scientist.
	"You rang?"
	"Just the girl I wanted to see.  Tenchi needs 
us outside, right away." Washu explained.  Ryoko's 
ears perked up at Tenchi's mention.  Ayeka leaned 
forward, eager to hear what the childlike scientist 
had to say that involved the young man as well.  One 
of the girls, with her blue hair trailing behind her 
in long pigtails, eyed Washu.  She had been wearing a 
very long sleepwear shirt 
with a carrot embroidered onto the front, and gave a 
wide-eyed stare at the scientist.
	"What's wrong?  Is Tenchi hurt? What's going 
on?"  The little girl became teary, thinking nothing 
but bad things were happening to one of her best 
friends. 
Ryoko shot out of her chair, and gave a confused look 
at Washu.  The scientist held her hand up to calm 
Ryoko down, and gave both girls a comforting smile.
	"No, Sasami, nothing's wrong with Tenchi.  But 
he needs Ryoko and me to come out and help him with 
someone who's been hurt."  Washu walked over to the 
young girl and patted her head.  Sasami sighed relief, 
her worried face relaxing a great deal.  She gave a 
frown again, and looked up at Washu a second time.  
	"Someone was hurt?"  Washu nodded, and Ayeka 
stood up quickly.  She walked over next to Ryoko's 
left, and bit her lower lip.
	“Does Tenchi wish my assistance as well?"  
Washu eyed the Juraian princess for a moment, and her 
eyes brightened up with recognition.
	"Yes, actually.  He needed you to prepare a 
room for whoever might be hurt, so that if we need to 
keep them here for the night, they'll have a place to 
sleep."  Ayeka nodded, and turned toward Ryoko.
	"We don't have any additional rooms available.  
Ryoko, would you be willing to sleep in our room for 
the evening while the guest sleeps in your room?" 
Ayeka asked. The pirate gave a level eyed glare 
toward Ayeka.
	"Why do I have to give up my room?"  She quit 
arguing when she saw all three girls giving her 
daggers for eyes.  She slumped her shoulders, and 
nodded her approval.
	"Thank you, Ryoko.  I will move all of your 
personal belongings into our room," Ayeka spoke, 
gesturing toward Sasami and herself, "and prepare the 
room for the guest.  You both better make haste, if 
we are to make sure that our injured guest's life can 
be saved."
	The young woman beside Sasami kept watching 
television, her blond hair wrapped tightly on her 
head and wearing a green sweater and baggy tan cargo 
pants.  Completely oblivious to the entire situation 
that had just happened, she seemed focused instead on 
the show displayed on the television. 
	Ryoko stood up and walked to Washu, who was 
already at the front door waiting patiently.  Her 
evening dress and windbreaker seemed to liquefy and 
flow 
around her as she walked, transforming into a 
skintight battle suit, with black arms and red legs.  
Her right cheek and forehead blackened, giving her a 
very 
formidable look.  The pirate beauty gave herself a 
once-over before clutching her hands tightly.  She 
tossed an object at Ayeka, who caught it in midair.  
Looking down, the princess viewed the fused remains 
of several checker pieces.  She looked up at Ryoko, 
who had a cocky smile on her face.
	"Next time, I choose the game we play.  Fair?"  
Ayeka gave her a smirk, and nodded her agreement.  
She made her way up the stairs toward Ryoko's room, 
quickly placing the fused plastic on the arm of the 
couch as she walked past.  
Sasami hopped down, and grabbed the brown cat-like 
creature off of the couch.  It opened its eyes and 
meowed in a half sleepy tone.
	"C'mon, Ryo-Ohki!  We're gonna have guests, so 
let's go help Ayeka set up their room!"  Sasami 
beamed.  The cabbit jumped out of her hands and, in a 
puff of smoke, transformed into a small child.  
Wearing a simple pink sundress and bow, the cabbit 
girl quickly hurried up the stairs right along with 
Sasami and Ayeka.  Ryoko scooped up Washu in her arms, 
and flew up toward the high end of 
the house.  They faded out of sight, with the only 
person remaining being the blonde haired girl sitting 
on the couch alone.  She sighed, and stood up to look 
around the room.  She closed her blue eyes, and bent 
over the couch to pick up the fused checkers pieces.
	"Sometimes, Mihoshi, it's best when you don't 
do anything at all." she muttered, and smiled at the 
fused pieces.  Turning them over in her hand, she 
giggled slightly.	
	"Glad to see that some things don't change 
around here.  I may as well go see if Ayeka needs me 
to help with the room." Mihoshi said quietly and, 
putting 
the fused pieces in one of her pockets, walked up the 
stairs to Ryoko's room.
	~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	Meanwhile, Tenchi was moving and jumping 
through the forest with a grace and skill that few 
people got to witness and fewer to survive from.  
Deftly moving under branches, over rocks and crevices, 
and moving with a practiced speed, the young Masaki 
moved so quietly that even the rabbits that he ran 
past were in awe of him.  Following the scent of 
burnt wood and earth, Tenchi quickly found the crash 
site of the falling star.  The crater was around 
twenty feet wide and one hundred feet long.  Smoke 
and several very small fires could be seen from 
within the crater, which hindered the young man’s 
vision from where he stood.  The smell of scorched 
earth was nearly burned into Tenchi's nostrils as he 
walked the edge of the crater.  He skimmed the edge 
for a couple of minutes until he made up his mind 
finally.
	"I'm sorry, Washu, but I can't wait any 
longer."  He muttered nervously, and stepped into the 
crater.   A voice from above drew his attention 
skyward.
	"You won't have to, Tenchi."  He looked up to 
see Ryoko gliding down from above with Washu clutched 
in her arms.  Ryoko set Washu down gently, and kept 
herself floating above the ground by several inches.  
She cocked her head at Tenchi, who was still red-eyed 
from crying and smoke.
	"You okay, Tenchi?  You look like you've been 
crying."  She hovered in closer, inspecting Tenchi's 
face more closely.  Tenchi gently pushed her away, 
smiling faintly and trying to hide the near truth 
behind her words.
	"It's alright, Ryoko, it's just the smoke in my 
eyes.  Let's check up on if there's somebody we need 
to help."  Ryoko nodded in agreement, and they began 
to enter the more densely smoked area of the crater.  
Washu brought up a small silver sphere, and pushed a 
small round button on its side.   A small view screen 
appeared above the sphere, with a readout of what 
appeared to be the crater and surrounding forest.  
Three small yellow blips blinked brightly, with 
a very faint green blip in a direction straight ahead 
of the first three.  The view screen suddenly 
vanished and the sphere jumped out of Washu's hand, 
speeding off toward the direction of the green blip.  
Washu ran behind the 
sphere, motioning Tenchi and Ryoko to follow.
	"It's found something!  Come on, you two!"  
Ryoko swung around behind Tenchi, and scooped him up 
into her arms.  She began to hover quickly behind the 
running Washu, who was cackling gleefully and 
grinning the entire time.  Tenchi shuffled his weight 
to keep blood running in his arms, and Ryoko 
accommodated the young man as best she could.  Tenchi 
looked up at his current mode of 
transportation, and smiled.
	"Thanks, Ryoko."  She looked down and smiled 
warmly back.	
	"No problem, cutie."  Tenchi's face went red 
quickly, and Ryoko giggled to herself as they finally 
made it to their destination.  At the opposite end of 
the crater that they had started in, Washu was 
looking over a prone form on the ground.  Kneeling 
down, she used the silver sphere to analyze the 
form's current health and status.  Waving it over the 
form, the other two began to get curious 
and moved closer to see what Washu was checking out.  
Washu put a hand up and looked back at Tenchi and 
Ryoko as they attempted to get closer.
	"Unless you really want to know what burnt 
flesh smells like, I'd suggest staying over there.  
This one's suffered burns over 85... 80... what in 
the hell?"  Washu stared at the readouts that her 
spherical analyzer was giving her, confused and in 
wonder of what she was seeing.  Tenchi's curiosity 
got the better of him, and he walked over to the 
opposite side of the form, and looked 
down at the figure on the ground.  Complete shock 
froze his gaze on what he saw.
	The figure had almost no clothes on save boxers, 
having most of them burned off while coming into the 
atmosphere.  His chest and face was covered with 
burns, giving Tenchi the impression he was looking at 
someone who was wearing a suit of half-cooked, 
blackened and still bloody steaks.  Ryoko had taken a 
quick glance at the body lying on the ground and 
turned away, grimacing 
at the sight.  Washu had been right; the scent of 
burnt skin and hair was pretty evident in the air, 
and it didn't seem to fade in the slightest.  As he 
watched, however, the scarring and burnt skin seemed 
to dry and slough off revealing normal skin beneath.  
Inch by inch, minute by minute, the burnt form seemed 
to transform into something that looked humanoid.  
Tufts of white hair sprouted 
from the form's cranium slowly at first, and grew 
more quickly as time passed.  Portions of scab tissue 
fell away from the form's body while the three 
watched.  Ryoko looked back at the form again, and 
blinked twice.  Instead of a burnt form a slim, 
athletic young man lay prone on the ground in front 
of the three rescuers.  Bright white hair spread out 
underneath his head, in shoulder length 
sprawls.  His eyes were closed tightly, as the man's 
body seemingly kept regenerating from the immense 
damage done to it.  Washu stopped gazing at her 
analyzer for a moment and kneeled down beside the 
prostrate man.
	"Zero percent burn damage.  Not a trace of 
physical or physiological damage on him.  Simply 
amazing."  She pocketed the analyzer, and reached 
into a portal that had opened near her knees.  
Pulling out a gun like syringe, she 
quickly stabbed the young man in the buttock.  Thick 
and dark red fluid quickly filled the syringe, and 
the body twitched for a moment from the pain.  
Pulling the gun-syringe out of the young man after 
several seconds, Washu eyed it for a moment and put 
it back into the portal, which closed quickly 
afterward.  Tenchi gave her a quizzical look, and she 
replied with a smile.
	"Research, Tenchi.  I want to know exactly what 
race of being he is, and a blood sample will give me 
that information the fastest.  I know how you are 
about tests, but we can't afford not knowing what we 
have here.  Friend, or otherwise."  Tenchi nodded and 
shrugged.  
	"Fair enough, Washu.  But still, I think you 
should have waited for him to agree to that."  Washu 
took her turn to shrug and went back to studying the 
young man more carefully.  Ryoko stood behind Tenchi, 
eyeing the unconscious young man with a reserved and 
stoic look on her face, a face that Washu couldn't 
help but notice.
	"I don't think we should bring him to the house.  
I could understand the temple, but not the house."  
Ryoko stated flatly, eyeing the young man with a 
cautious eye.  Washu gave her daughter a confused 
look.  
	"Well, lemme look at who you're going to plop 
on Katsuhito's doorstep, alright?" Grasping the young 
man's face gently in both hands, Washu turned his 
head toward her.  His face was youthful looking but, 
from what Washu saw as she studied his face, well 
worn with experience.  Her eyes went wide with shock 
as she kept staring into the young man's face.
	Memories.
	Washu witnessed a young white-haired boy, 
stepping out of a tube and taking his first steps 
toward another much older man.  Is that his father?
	She again saw a young white-haired boy playing 
on a small hill near his beloved home.  Why is that 
hill so familiar?
	Memories flooded into Washu's mind as her eyes 
became saucers.  Memories that she knew were hers, 
but from where?  When?
	Ryoko grabbed her mother and shook her several 
times until the scientist finally snapped out of her 
trancelike state.  Washu pulled her hands away slowly, 
furrowing her eyebrows in vague recollection and 
frustration.
	"Washu!  Washu!  Are you okay?!  Washu!"  
Concern was thick in Ryoko's voice as Washu turned to 
look up at her.
	"He's not a threat, Ryoko."  Ryoko dropped her 
gaze first on the body next to Washu, and then at 
Washu herself.  She puckered up her lips in 
stubbornness.
	"You weren't responding to me, not even 
telepathically. Now you're going to tell me that he 
isn't a threat?  You can't be serious." Ryoko growled, 
stooping 
to point first at Washu and then at the body next to 
her.  Washu's eyes narrowed on her daughter, but the 
pirate continued with her explanation heedless of 
that 
fact.
	"The man's just survived atmospheric burn-in.  
I can't believe that someone who just falls from the 
sky, and regenerates MASSIVE damage in minutes can 
just be dismissed as simply non-threatening.  I may 
be a bit stubborn with 
certain things," Washu's eyes shot open at the 
honesty that Ryoko had just shown to the two other 
people in the crater, and watched Ryoko point again 
at the unconscious young man, "But I'm not going to 
just let someone like that into the 
house without a second thought."  Washu gave her a 
quiet look, and sighed deeply.  Ryoko took her turn 
to give a confused look, wondering exactly what her 
mother 
was planning this time.  The young scientist looked 
over her shoulder at the young man, and then toward 
Tenchi.
	"Tenchi."  Tenchi was staring absently at the 
young man, amazed with what he had just witnessed 
earlier.  Shaking his head rapidly, he focused on the 
two 
girls kneeling across from the prone form between 
them.  He scratched his head, and bunched his lips in 
thought for a moment.
	"While I can understand Ryoko's desire to keep 
the family safe, I'm the one who found him.  I can't 
leave him out here in the cold.  Besides, there's no 
real place that he can get the care he needs in the 
temple or to keep an accurate eye on him, either.  
I'll keep watch over him while he sleeps in the 
house."  Tenchi said finally.  Ryoko gave Tenchi a 
pleading look, not surprised that he would do 
something like this.
	"Tenchi, are you sure?  We don't know this guy, 
and he could be more dangerous than anyone we've ever 
found or fought."  Tenchi nodded his insistence 
at the decision, and Ryoko sighed.
	"I will care for him while he sleeps, Tenchi.  
I'll also set up several force fields around the room 
that Ayeka and Sasami have prepared to retain him if 
he proves to be a threat.  Will that suffice, Ryoko?"  
Washu offered, 
standing up slowly and brushing off her uniform, 
never taking her eyes off of Ryoko.  Ryoko rolled her 
eyes and stood up slowly.  The pirate motioned to 
Washu 
to move further away from the body, which the young 
scientist did with a faint smile on her face.  
	"Thank you, Ryoko."  Washu beamed, and Ryoko 
gave her a slightly resolute look out of the corner 
of her eye as she gently picked up and cradled the 
young man in her arms.  She gave the form in her arms 
one last look, and gave one more look at Tenchi.  He 
nodded his approval, and smiled broadly at Ryoko.  
She gave him a faint smile in return.
	"Fine.  I don't like this one bit, but if this 
is what you want, Tenchi.... so be it.  I'll take us 
to the house, and we'll think of what to do with him 
after we've got him settled in.  But, there is NO way 
I'm gonna let him have my room after tonight if you 
decide that he stays, fair enough?"  Tenchi nodded 
happily, and Washu clapped her hands together in 
finality of the agreement.  Tenchi wrapped his arms 
around Ryoko's waist from behind, and Washu did the 
same to Tenchi's.  Almost as quickly as the three 
entered the crater, they faded out 
and away from the crash site without a sound.

	~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	"We’re all finished.  Now all we have to do is 
wait for Tenchi and the others to arrive with our new 
guest, if there is one."  Ayeka spoke quietly.  
	Smoothing out the red and blue quilt that was 
laid out on the futon, she gave the room one last 
look around.  The futon was set up underneath the 
window at the far wall, and most of the original 
decorations were removed.  Ryoko's 
most favored belongings were taken into Ayeka and 
Sasami's bedroom, leaving simply the futon, some 
chairs, and a small table in the room.  A half-filled 
water bowl and several small bandages were set next 
to the futon, and a pitcher 
of water sat on the table just nearby.  Satisfied 
that the room was properly set for their guest, Ayeka 
sat in one of the chairs of the room and waited for 
everyone's arrival.  Sasami walked in, with Ryo-Ohki 
trailing in close behind.
	"Are we ready, Ayeka?" Sasami asked her elder 
sister, curious and worried bleeding through in her 
voice.  Ayeka smiled and nodded.  The younger 
princess put a finger on her chin in thought.
	“Where’s Mihoshi?  I thought that she had 
brought you the quilt.”  Ayeka nodded and pointed 
upstairs.
	“She had said that all of this excitement had 
wore her out, and that she would go to bed for the 
evening.”  Sasami nodded her head in response.
	“Ah.  About what happened earlier; do you know 
what kind of guest they will be, Ayeka?"
	"I do not know, Sasami.  We shall have to wait 
until he or she arrives,” Ayeka dropped her head a 
little for a moment, and sighed heavily. "But I do 
hope that if it IS a she, that she hasn't already 
made any lewd or outrageous attempts on Lord Tenchi."  
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki giggled to each other and sat 
down in front of the elder princess, who gave them a 
wondering look.
	"And why are you giggling, Sasami?" she 
questioned, wondering exactly what was on her 
sister's mind.  Sasami beamed a giant smile and 
looked up at her big sister.
	"Oh, nothing.  You look like you're happy to be 
getting some new friends is all!"  She blurted out 
loud, and started to laugh again.  Ryo-Ohki meowed in 
agreement, and transformed back into her cabbit form.  
Bouncing around and tumbling with glee, she hopped 
into Sasami's lap where she was greeted with pets and 
treated to a full body rub.  Ayeka simply raised an 
eyebrow to her little sister and let out an audible 
smirk.  She did finally find a medium point with 
Ryoko in terms of the man they both loved, and 
admitting to each other that Tenchi needed space to 
decide for himself was one of the few things that 
both girls could agree upon.  That and destroying the 
living room over the television remote brought the 
decision that she and Ryoko would take their disputes 
to the training area, again their decision however 
much aided by Tenchi persuading Ryoko to follow along 
with the idea.  She smiled at the memory, and kept 
smiling even after Ryoko slowly faded into view in 
the center of the room.  The pirate carried a young 
man in burnt boxers, with Tenchi hugging Ryoko from 
behind at 
the waist, with Washu doing the same to Tenchi.  
Sasami turned around to see the last portion of the 
fading-in of the whole group.  Ryoko gave the room a 
quick look around, and gave a visual look of approval.
	"You move quickly, Ayeka.  Nice job." Ryoko 
commented.  Ayeka smiled again, and nodded to the 
compliment.  Washu let go of Tenchi and walked toward 
the futon, pulling out a small black orb with a 
single red button on its side out of 
a portal underneath her arm as she walked toward the 
futon, and waited for the new guest.  Ryoko stood 
there for a moment, and turned her head to Tenchi.
	"Don't let go of me for a couple of moments." 
Ryoko asked. She stood there, an expressionless look 
on her face.  Tenchi stood there with a look of 
confusion on his face.
	"Can I ask why?" Ryoko closed her eyes in 
response.
	"Two things; One, I'm feeling a little faint 
from teleporting four people at once.  I haven't done 
something that draining in a long time, so I'm using 
what strength and balance I have to keep from 
dropping your new guest,"  She smiled at Tenchi for a 
moment, "And two, well, it's not everyday you get a 
good hug from a stud."  She felt a momentary 
tightening around her waist, and she gave a bigger 
smile.  Opening her eyes, Ryoko spotted Ayeka's scowl 
and rolled her eyes.
	"Oh, give me a break, Ayeka.  You can get a hug 
in due time, if you'd just ask him, you know."  The 
pirate pulled away from Tenchi and walked toward the 
futon.  Washu pulled the quilt away from the futon, 
and Ryoko gently placed the young man onto the futon.  
Backing away, the scientist covered the young man 
with the blanket, and motioned everyone to step away 
from the futon.
	"Alright, everyone.  Step back and watch a 
genius at work!" Laying the metal orb in her hand on 
the ground next to the futon, she pushed the red 
button, then moved away quickly.  A red hue was 
faintly seen from the orb, and a red beam struck the 
ceiling.  Expanding away from the band, the futon was 
soon surrounded by a faint red sphere of energy that 
seemed to twinkle and shimmer.  After several seconds, 
it faded out of visible sight, and the group sighed 
in relief.  Washu walked over to the futon, and 
flicked the open air.  Red light shimmered and 
twinkled at the contact point, and she smiled 
gleefully.
	"One impenetrable force field brought to you by 
Washu Hakubi, extraordinaire!  Oh, to be the 
greatest!" she exclaimed, grinning ear to ear.  Ryoko 
simply rolled her eyes, and Ayeka sighed in 
resignation.  Sasami simply 
stood up and walked toward the door, and turned 
around before walking through.
	"I'm going to bed, Ayeka.  This has been really 
exciting, though!  I wonder what he's going to be 
like?"  She smiled and, petting the little cabbit as 
she went, walked out of the room leaving Ayeka with a 
wondering look on her face.  Tenchi shrugged and 
yawned loudly.
	"I'm going to get myself something to drink 
from the refrigerator.  What shift did you want, 
Washu?"  The scientist tapped a finger on her chin, 
thinking 
the question over for a moment.
	"I'll take the last shift, Tenchi.  I've got to 
make sure that the lab experiment I'm working on is 
finished, and then I'll be up to take your place... 
will that be fine?"  Tenchi smiled and nodded.
	"That'll be perfect, Washu.  You were a better 
night owl than I, anyway."  With that Tenchi walked 
out of the room to get his drink, leaving the three 
girls alone in the room with their sleeping guest.  
Ayeka eyed the young man 
from her place in the chair, and turned to the other 
girls.
	"So, my guess would be that this is our injured 
guest."  She looked him over more thoroughly, leaning 
nearly out of her chair to get a better look at 
his face.  "That's rather strange; he doesn't seem 
injured at all."
	"Heh, he was burnt worse than your attempt at 
steak last month at the family barbeque, Ayeka.  He 
regenerated the damage as if it were a paper cut."  
Ryoko stated, laughing slightly at her first comment. 
Ayeka scowled at the pirate, not quite so enthused 
with the memory.
	"Hey, it was not my fault.  It was my first 
time at attempting to cook over an open flame, and 
with no nearby water I used the only available liquid 
to attempt to douse the rising flames!"  Ryoko took 
her turn to scowl, and shook a finger at the princess.
	"You used my last bottle of my favorite SAKE, 
Ayeka!"  The princess took a slight smile at that 
memory.
	"It's not like it went to waste, Ryoko."  
	"Whatever," the space pirate huffed and turned 
away from the princess to face her mother again.  “I 
still can’t believe that you’re actually letting this 
guy into the house even after we watched Mr. Pork 
Chop shrug off burn damage as if he were taking off 
an extra set of clothes!”
	Washu still hadn’t gotten over the fact of 
Ryoko’s insistence of leaving the young man at the 
temple or even simply where he lay.  She narrowed her 
eyes 
a second time glaring directly in Ryoko’s own.  Again, 
Ryoko was heedless of the danger she put herself into 
and kept talking.
	“I am sorry little Washu, Ryoko.  What do you 
mean, he regenerated the damage?”  Ayeka questioned.  
Washu sighed a second time, and motioned the girls 
out into the hallway.  Silently, both girls had 
followed out the young scientist, and Washu 
resumed speaking after Ayeka had closed the door to 
the room.
	“As in, he regenerated burn damage that had 
covered over 90 percent of his body.  All of it 
third-degree burns, and I can guarantee that no 
simple mortal would be able to survive that.  So, we 
know he’s from off-world.  Now, even off-world beings 
such as us wouldn’t be able to survive the severity 
of the damage that he had taken.  Beings that would 
be capable of that kind of regeneration would be 
beings that can regenerate at a cellular level, such 
as 
Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki.”  Ayeka nodded in understanding, 
and Ryoko simply leaned against the wall with a 
frustrated look on her face while Washu continued.  
	“There are species of creature that can 
regenerate that kind of damage just as fast, but 
they’re not humanoid in form.  So whatever that young 
man is, he’s a great deal more than what he looks to 
be.”  Ryoko turned to face the two other girls.
	“All the more reason to keep him from inside 
the house, I’d say.  I not going to let this family 
get slaughtered because of some hallucinations of 
yours!”  Ayeka gave a questioning look at Washu, who 
rolled her eyes at Ryoko’s words.
	“Hallucinations?  What is she talking about, 
Washu?”  Washu shot her daughter an angry glare, 
which Ryoko finally understood and fell silent.  The 
scientist turned back to Ayeka and resumed her 
explanation.
	“Memories are more an accurate term I would 
have used, Ayeka.”  Ryoko huffed and looked toward 
the stairs, allowing the two girls to continue 
talking.  
	“While I had tended to our young John Doe, 
several memories of him passed through my mind giving 
me the distinct impression that I knew him, or still 
know 
him.  Though for some strange reason I can’t pin, 
however, I can’t seem to recall anything additional 
than basic things.  One of those memories being that 
he’s a very kind, gentle person. That’s why Tenchi 
and I had insisted that he be brought back to the 
house.  Another would be that if we had taken him to 
the temple as Ryoko had suggested, we might not have 
all of the necessary equipment to treat any 
additional wounds he may have had, or provide 
containment had our guest actually prove himself to 
be a threat.”  Washu explained.
	“Well, the temple would be a much better suited 
place to keep him.  Why not simply move the necessary 
equipment into one of the temple rooms and keep him 
under close surveillance there?” Ayeka replied, 
putting her hands inside the sleeves of her kimono.  
Ryoko gave a smug look toward her mother, pleased 
that someone else was thinking along her lines.  
Washu stopped for a single moment, and then responded.
	“One word; Katsuhito.  He’s the current priest 
of the Masaki shrine, and the protection of the 
shrine is high on his list of priorities.  Think 
about it. If someone who you didn’t know was sleeping 
on or near the temple grounds and 
have the prospects of his or her being a threat 
looming over your head, what would you choose; safe, 
or sorry?”  Ayeka nodded in agreement, and Ryoko fell 
silent after listening to the reasoning behind the 
scientist’s words while Washu finished explaining.
	“And besides, he’s not at the temple right now.  
He had taken a nature trip to a nearby shrine, and 
wouldn’t be back until tomorrow morning; I simply 
wanted to keep his temple standing and in one piece 
until he gets back.”  Ayeka pondered Washu’s words 
for several moments, while Tenchi appeared from the 
stairs with four sodas and a hard-cover book cradled 
in his arms.  He passed one soda to each of the girls, 
who gave him a smile of approval.  Tenchi walked 
toward the door, and smiled toward the girls.
	“Well, I’ll be in here if any of you need me.  
Washu, I’ll come and get you at about 2:00 a.m.  It’s 
about 9:00 p.m. right now, so will five hours give 
you enough time?”  Washu cackled and smiled at Tenchi, 
who pasted a worried look on his face due to the 
cackling.
	“More than enough, Tenchi, thank you.  I’ll be 
in my lab when it’s time.”  Ayeka yawned faintly, and 
bowed slightly to everyone in the hall.
	“I think that I will retire for the evening.  
Thank you all for the experience, this has been most 
rewarding.” Ayeka said, and made her way to her room.  
Ryoko still leaned against the wall next to the door 
as Ayeka gave 
her a final look.  She stuck out her chin in 
exasperation.
	“Ayeka, I’m not going to do anything with 
Tenchi.  I’m simply going to be outside the door in 
case of problems.  When Washu takes over, I’ll be in 
to sleep as well.”  Ayeka closed her eyes, sighing 
heavily.
	“Considering the circumstances, I can believe 
you, Ryoko.  I’ll make sure that your bed is ready 
for you when you come in for the night.  Good night 
Ryoko, Washu.”  With that, the princess opened the 
door to her room and entered.  Washu waved a hand to 
Ayeka as she closed the door, and smiled.  After the 
princess closed the door, Washu sighed heavily and 
shrugged as if she were getting something off of her 
shoulders.  Ryoko closed her eyes, and kept silent 
while keeping her vigil over the two men inside her 
former room.
	“Alright, then.  I guess I’ll go analyze the 
blood sample of our John Doe character while Tenchi 
takes first watch over him.  It’ll most likely take 
several hours to get any results out of it, so in the 
meantime I guess I’ll finish up some research while 
I’m on watch.”
	Ryoko simply raised her eyebrows in response, 
and opened a single eye to look at Washu.  The 
scientist simply shook her head in defeat, and walked 
down the stairs to her lab.  She stopped at the head 
of the stairs to glance at Ryoko and spoke.
	“You might be right about some things, Ryoko, 
but just stop to remember one thing.  What Tenchi is 
doing for this “unknown threat” he also did for a 
well known threat whose name I won’t mention.”  The 
pirate peered at her mother with an angry look, and 
quickly turned to gaze at the far wall.
	“That was cold.” Ryoko whispered.
	“You’re right.  Still, nonetheless, not 
everything that falls from the sky is going to 
destroy your new family.  If I considered it even 
remotely dangerous, do you honestly think it would be 
sleeping in our new home right now?”  
Ryoko remained silent as Washu spoke, the pirate 
never taking her eyes off of the far wall.  Washu 
sighed, and traversed the stairs down to her lab.  A 
faint creak and a door closing left the pirate alone 
in the hallway.  She sighed and slid down the 
wall, closing her eyes and thinking of her family.
	“I swear to whatever’s listening, that if you 
threaten my family EVER, that not even heaven or hell 
will save you from me.  That much I promise.”  Ryoko 
whispered to her unknown threat.  With that the 
pirate wrapped her arms around her legs, leaned her 
forehead against her knees, and sat.


End of Part 1
