Tenchi Muyo! What happens next?
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter Four: The Rain Begins to Fall, and the Storm lets loose it’s
furry
Note: I don’t own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any
of them up (well,
except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story about them. I’d say
that’s one of the
biggest forms of flattery out there, to have such a great story that
other’s want to write
about it. So please, this is a fan appreciative story, don’t sue me for
using your stuff OK?
(Believe me, you wouldn’t get too much any way....)

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

        Kiyone looked up as Ayeka walked into her room. She’d been moved to
the
guest
room of the house after one night in the lab had fixed her up. After
resting all morning and
afternoon, she was ready to get back out and get the bastards who’d taken
her friend.
        Unfortunately, Ayeka had been placed in charge of telling her when
she
could get
up, so she’d been here all day.
        The princess sat down next to her bed and checked her pulse. Kiyone
was
fine, and
could have been out of bed that morning, but Ayeka wanted the GP woman to
rest for
what she knew was coming. They’d be entering combat soon, and Kiyone was
a good
fighter. She wanted the Captain to be well rested and in good fighting
form.
        “You can get up now and join the rest of us for a meeting. Down in
the
living
room.” Ayeka told her.
        “Great!” Kiyone jumped out of bed and grabbed some clothing that
Hiro
had
gotten for her off of Yagami. As she dressed, Ayeka sat and watched her.
        “Kiyone,” Ayeka said, “I just wanted to tell you that I’m sorry that
Mihoshi was
kidnapped.”
        “Don’t be. It was her fault for not being able to defend herself
properly-” Kiyone’s
voice broke and she stopped buttoning her shirt, “We’re going after them
tonight.”
        “That’s what the meeting will decide.” Ayeka replied, “But one way
or
another,
we will get the KalMor for what they did to you and Mihoshi.” Ayeka’s
anger flared.
        Kiyone set her jaw in determination. She knew that with the
princesses
backing
she’d be going after the bastards this night....


        As soon as they were down in the living room, the meeting started.
Kiyone was
pleased to see everyone in a grim mood. That meant that they were all
probobly in the
same mind set as the princess.
        “We’re going after her.” Tenchi said to open the meeting, “But do we
do
it now,
or wait?”
        “Now.” almost everyone said. All eyes turned to Ryoko. The space
pirate
hadn’t
said anything.
        “Are you backing down from a fight, Ryoko?” Ayeka asked.
        “No, I’m just thinking. The KalMor are a very orginzed group aren’t
they
Washu?”
        Washu nodded her head. She was most up to date on everything that
was
happening in the galaxy, due to her constant monitering of the universe.
        “Then they’ll have a defence ready for us. They want us to come, and
they’ll keep
Mihoshi alive untill we do.”
        “But they’ll tourture her!” Kiyone grit her teeth. Of all people,
Ryoko
had to
oppose her....
        “She’s GP! She’s been trained to withstand  all kinds of tourture!”
Ryoko replied.
        “Think about who we’re talking about here, Ryoko...” Tenchi said.
        “No, she’s right.” Kiyone said grudgingly, “Mihoshi may be a baby
and
ditz, but
she’s GP to the core. She’d never give into any tourture.”
        “Now listen to me,” Ryoko said, “I’m just bringing up all the
information so that
we can think this through. A good plan would be to wait a few days and
build up our own
defences, and beef up our offence. Maybe call in some GP back up...”
everyone nodded at
the plan. It did sound more reasonable then just jumping in blind, “But
on the other hand,
when this Mag guy tried to take out Tenchi, you guys were able to fight
him off. Quickly.
That leads me to belive that they underestimated you, and probobly still
have no idea what
they’re up against here,” Ryoko motioned around the room, “Two Juri
nobals, Washu’s
craziness, Hiro’s powers, and my powers. Not to mention that they pissed
of Kiyone
royally.” the GP woman smirked at that, “So a suprise attack tonight is
also a good plan.
We just have to split up and find them quickly.”
        Ryoko sat back down, done with her bit. Tenchi let everyone think on
it
for a few
minutes, then spoke, “I think we should go tonight.”
        “Yeah.” Washu agreed, “I can find them quickly enough. It might take
a
half hour
though, and we should still split up and see if we can’t find them just
by looking around
town too.”
        “Tonight?” Tenchi looked around. Everyone nodded, Ryoko as well this
time. She
had an evil grin on her face. A good fight was just what she really
wanted....
        “Good.” Hiro took charge, “We split up into groups of two.
Grandfather,
Nobuyuki, and Sasami will stay here. Yosho, we’ll be counting on you to
defend if they
come here. Can you handle that?”
        “I think I can manage.” Yosho replied with a smile.
        “Great!” Ryoko jumped up and grabbed Hiro’s arm, “Let’s go then
babe!”
        “Hold it,” Hiro said quickly, “I want you to go with Tenchi. Ayeka,
I
want you to
go with me, and Kiyone will go with Washu.” Ryoko’s face darkened and
anger flashed in
her eyes.
        “No time for petty jealosy now Ryoko.” Hiro said in a no-nonsence
tone,
“The
royals should stay seperated, so that if one group get’s captured or
killed,” everyone
winced at the word killed and the way Hiro spoke it like it was something
that he planed
for every day, “there can still be a succesor for the thrown of Juri.
There’s no sence
fighting a group that wants to wipe Juri out and then giving them the
chance to take out
both heirs in one shot.”
        “It’s a sound plan Ryoko.” Ayeka said to her. The space pirate
turned to
the
princess and saw her concern. The empire was her life, and this was a
fight that directly
concerned it. Even if it meant dying, she was willing to save the
empire....
        Ryoko nodded her head.
        “Then let’s go,” Hiro said, “Everyone leaving meet back here in
fifteen
minutes,
ready to go.”
        They split up to go prepare for their departure. Ayeka went after
Ryoko
as the
space pirate floated to the kitchen, and Kiyone jumped up to follow Hiro
as the young
man ran to his room. Tenchi sat with his father and grandfather and
Sasami in the living
room. He had the Tenchi-ken, and was dressed to go out, so he wanted to
get mentally
prepared for battle with Yosho’s help. Washu dashed to her lab, cackeling
like a mad
woman.

        Kiyone followed Hiro into the room she’d been sleeping in erlier.
Apparently it
was still his temperary room as well.
        “Hey.” he said as he tossed open the closet to look for some
clothing,
“What’s
up?”
        “I just wanted to thank you.” she said as she shut the door. Hiro
pealed
off his
shirt and pants, and grabbed a black T-shirt out of the closet.
        “For what?” came his muffle response as he pulld the shirt on.
        “For letting me go with Washu,” she admired his lean body. He was
acually very
atractive, “You know as well as I do that she’ll find the KalMor before
any one else. I
want fist crack at those bastards.”
        Hiro hopped across the floor with one leg in a black pair of jeans
and
the other
halfway in, “No problom. You just promise not to get into too much
trouble before the
rest of us get there to help...” he tripped and fell to the floor.
        “I wont. I want Mihoshi back, and I plan on living to do it.” she
raised
an eyebrow
as he floated off the ground and pulled the pants on, “You aren’t at all
modest are you?”
she asked him.
        “What’dya mean?” he asked as he dug through the bottom of the closet
for
his
black shoes.
        “You just stripped and changed cloths right in front of a girl who’s
not
even your
girlfreind. Are you trying to turn me on?”
        “I’m not that good looking am I?” he asked with a smile as he pulled
the
shoes on
in mid-air.
        “Yes, acually you are.”
        “Sorry I’m taken. And like I said before, I never really thought of
you
like that.
You’re too good a freind to really care how you see me.”
        “I guess....” she smiled playfully, “Though love is very different
from
sex...”
        “Quiet you.” he said and put a finger to her lips, “It’d be just my
luck
to have
Ryoko pop in here and hear that and kill you.”
        “I’m just playin’!” she shoved him back and they laughed, “Now,” she
said,
suddenly serious again, “I wonder if Washu has any good guns for me?”

         In the kitchen, Ryoko was rummaging through the fridge. Sasami had
to
have
some leftovers in here somewhere....
        “Is food all you ever think about?” Ayeka asked from behind her.
        Ryoko floated back from the refridgerator with a pile of food in her
arms, “That,
fighting, and sex.” Ryoko shot back happily.
        “You are such an uncouth babarian.”
        “You’re such a tight ass princess.”
        They both giggled and sat down at the table. Ayeka absently picked
at
some of
Ryoko’s food while the space pirate stuffed her face, trying do down as
much food in
fifteen minutes as she could.
        “So how are things with Hiro?” Ayeka asked off hand.
        “Great! It’s a wonder he can still keep up with me all the time!”
        Ayeka rolled her eyes, “What did you two do last night?”
        “What do you think we did?” Ryoko nudged Ayeka and winked.
        Ayeka looked her straight faced and said, “I think you went for a
walk
through the
forest and held hands, wispering promises of love and devotion to each
other and kissing
every so offten.”
        “Well... uh... yeah.” Ryoko looked unsettled, “How’d you guess
that?”
        “It just seem like something two people in love would do on such a
wonderful
night as last night.”
        “Yeah....” Ryoko brightened instantly, “But he’s just as good in
side if
you know
what I mean!” she smiled and nudged Ayeka again.
        “Yes...” Ayeka smiled back. She’d been waiting for this oppertunity,
“So
is
Tenchi.”
        Ryoko spit the food she had just stuffed in her mouth across the
room.
She whirled
around and grabbed Ayeka’s shoulders, “Did you just say that you.... And
Tenchi?.... Last
night?..... Tenchi?” Ryoko started laughing and hugged Ayeka, “Oh ho....
that is too rich.
Tenchi!” she was almost hystarical.
        “Why is that so funny?” Ayeka demanded.
        “Because it’s Tenchi!” Ryoko cried. Ayeka did see her point. It
seemed
like Tenchi
had done a lot of maturing in one night....
        “Was he any good?” Ryoko wispered to her, now in chatty girlfreind
mode.
        “Two hours.” Ayeka wispered back.
        “On his first time?” Ryoko was in shock. Jurian’s must have some
sort of
wierd
sexual chemistry. She suddenly found tears in her eyes, “I’m so happy for
you Ayeka!” she
said and hugged the princess again, “You’re a woman now!”
        “I’m happy too.... and I feel so much more....” Ayeka couldn’t seem
to
find the
word.
        “Free?” Ryoko suplied. Ayeka nodded. They stared each other for
several
minutes.
        Then broke down into fits of giggles. They began wispering back and
forth again.

        Mihoshi looked up from where she’d been tied firmly to a chair in
the
middle of a
very dark room, with only one lamp on over head, and a circle of light
that seemed to end
no more then eight feet away from her. The room byond that was compleatly
black.
        They’d knocked her out after the one guy had grabbed her and dragged
her
away
from Kiyone. She’d woken up here, tied up like she was now, with only the
noises of rats
in the shadows to keep her compony.
        Now, out of the shadows, a man loomed. He wasn’t too tall, but tall
none
the less.
He wore a drab, weather beaten full length coat, and had dark greasy
black hair that hung
limply to his shoulders. Case File 4358934.....
        Mag, of the KalMor. He was a known terrorist, and Kiyone had told
her
that he’d
just resently broken out of a maximum secruity prison. That meant that he
was very, very
dangerous.
        “Hello Detective First Class Mihoshi!” he said in a grinding voice
that
hurt
Mihoshi’s ears, “I trust my freinds didn’t hurt you too much.”
        Mihoshi didn’t say any thing. She just sat and stared straight
ahead.
        “Not very talkitive I see.” he said in an amused tone, “I’ll fix
that
soon. I want to
know where the Masaki residence is. The adress we looked up in the phone
book is an
empty lot, and the area around the Masaki shrine is cloaked by some sort
of anti-detection
feild. That’s Washu’s doing most likely.” he knew about everyone. But he
didn’t know
that Ryoko had moved Tenchi’s house to the wilderness surrounding the
Masaki shrine
almost a year ago.
        That meant they still had a chance, so Mihoshi contiuned her
steadfast
gaze and
silence.
        Mag had never been one to wait for someone to talk. He stepped
forward
and
punched Mihoshi in the face. She could almost feel the bruise start to
form on the side of
her face, right under her left eye. She hadn’t cried out though, and she
returned her head
to where it had been.
        Mag growled and formed a short energy dagger in one hand. He slid it
an
inch into
Mihoshi’s right shoulder from the side. The detective winced in pain, but
still did not cry
out. Mag yanked back his dagger. The energy weapons didn’t leave bleeding
wounds, and
therefor weren’t good tourture devices. Unless one could see one’s own
blood, they
weren’t as frightened.
        The dagger blinked out of existence, and Mag walked out into the
darkness. There
was the sound of a window breaking, and he returned a minute latter with
a two large
shards of glass. He was wearing heavy gloves now as well....
        Mihoshi’s eyes grew wide as he walked over. Without hesitation, he
slamed one of
the shards into her leg and pushed down. It shatered and the small chunks
of glass were
forced down through her flesh. He rubbed his hand about, a delighted look
on his face and
Mihoshi wimpered a bit. She was biting her lip so hard that it was
bleeding.
        He finnally lifted his hand to reveal the blood soaked pant leg of
Mihoshi’s
uniform. He lifted the other shard and flicked one sharp edge across her
face. She jerked
back as a thin trail of blood ran down her cheek. She looked at him with
loathing in her
eyes.
        Mag hatted that. Why did she have to be so stuborn? All he wanted
her to
do was
break down and admit that he held the power over her. He was in control.
He didn’t even
need to know where the royals were, they would come to him as long as she
was here and
alive.... But she had to do this. To defy him. He’d show her that he was
the one who held
her life in his hands...
        He jabbed the shard of glass four inches into Mihoshi’s left upper
arm.
She
screamed in pain as he twisted it and yanked it out. He stabbed her
again, right next to the
first wound. She screamed again.
        Mag left the glass where it was, embeded in her arm. Tears ran down
her
face as
she pleaded with him to stop hurting her. He grabbed her blond hair and
yanked it back so
that she was looking up into his eyes. Her’s still held hope, behind all
the pain. He
screamed in frustration. Why couldn’t he break her?
        “Where are they?!?” he screamed and punched her in the leg where the
glass was
still embeded. She screamed in pain and sobbed. He slapped her across the
face again,
leaving a few shards of glass there, along with a bloody hand print.
        “They’ll find you, and they’ll kill you.” she finnally said.
        Mag’s face clouded with rage, “You’re lucky I need you for bait,
bitch.”
he spit on
her and walked away. The light went out.
        In the darkness, Mihoshi sobbed queitly and moaned, “Kiyone....
please
hurry....”

        “What is taking so long?” Kiyone asked impatiently.
        “Hold your horses!” Washu replied. The dimunutive scientist had been
busily
hooking up equipment for almost five minutes. Kiyone wanted it done in
five seconds.
Washu was a genuis, but she wasn’t a mirical worker.
        “It’s almost done. Just a few more adjustments....” Washu calibrated
some strange
looking device.
        Kiyone sighed and walked to the edge of the building they were on
top
of. She
looked down to the street three stories below, and then out across the
city.
        “We’re coming Mihoshi...” she wispered into the wind.

        Tenchi and Ryoko sat at a bar in the seediest part of town. Many
disreputal
looking people moved around them, and converstions were all hushed and
secretive. It
gave the smoke filled place a very sinister feel.
        Breeding ground for terrorist trouble, Ryoko had assured him.
        The bar tender finally noticed them and came over to where they sat.
Tenchi wore
blue jeans and a black shirt, over which he had his brown jacket. Ryoko
wore jeans as
well, but her’s had holes in the knees, and were much more fadded. She
had a red tube top
on, over which she wore a jean jacket. Her spiky blue hair was wild as
always.
        The bar tender looked around at the rest of his clientel and then
back
to the two at
his bar. These two didn’t belong in a place like this at all.
        “What can I get ya?” he rumbled at them.
        “Maybe some information?” Tenchi asked poiletly.
        “And a tripple shot of whisky.” Ryoko added. Tenchi rolled his eyes.
        The bar tender turned to grab the bottel. When he turned back, there
was
a man
hanging on the blue haired woman’s arm.
        “I’ll buy ya’ that drink baby, and maybe we can leave your little
boy
here and go
have some fun at my place...”
        Ryoko growled at him, “Get lost, or I’ll knock you across the room.”
        “Whatever, bitch.” the man stood up and flipped her off. With one
lightning fast
move she grabbed the man’s finger and yanked it to the side. There was a
sharp snap, but
before the man could cry out over his broken finger, she’d punched him in
the face. He
kelled over and hit the ground. There was no more sounds from him.
        Tenchi laughed nervously, “She’s a fire cracker, aint she?” he
looked at
the bar
tender, “Now how about that information?”
        “And my drink.” Ryoko ordered.
        The bar tender poured the drink first, “What kinda’ information were
you
looking
for?” he backed away from Ryoko and turned his attention to Tenchi. His
voice was
smoother now. Apparently the gruff voice and act were just a front.
        “Have you heard anything about a gang called the KalMor, or a man
named
Mag?”
        “Are you cops or something?” the man seemed worried.
        “No, we just need to find them. They have something of ours, and we
want
it
back.” Ryoko glared at him and downed the tripple shot in one gulp.
        “The Mag guy comes in here now and then, but mostly sends his boys
down.
They
hang out in the back room and make deals for people to do work for them.
Jobs like
stealing cash and electronics. They recruit too. Seven guys as far as I
can tell. They’re
more like a high profile opperation then a gang....”
        “They’re terrorists.” Tenchi said, “Are there any of them here right
now?”
        “One guy in the back. He’s in a meeting...”
        “Thanks. We’ll try not to wreck the place.” Ryoko said as the got
up.
Tenchi
pulled several bills from his wallet and tossed them on the bar. It was
ten times what the
drink was worth, but the bar tender had been helpful.
        The bar tender watched them walk to the back. He hoped the girl
stuck to
her
word....

        The door to the back room swung open. Two men sitting at a table in
the
middle
looked back. One of them yelled, “Hey! I told you not to interupt while
I’m in a meeting!”
and then saw who it was.
        He reconized them both. Tenchi Masaki, the Crown Prince, and Ryoko,
the
infamous space pirate who’d been hanging around him for some reason. He
reached for
his blaster.
        The other man saw this and pulled out a small automatic. He whirled
and
started
spraying bullets. But there was no one there suddenly....
        Ryoko decended from above and floored him with one blow to the head.
The
KalMor man raised his blaster to fire, but Tenchi fell from where Ryoko
had teleported to,
and the Tench-ken sliced the blaster in half.
        Out numbered and out matched, the KalMor man ran out the back.
        Tenchi and Ryoko gave chase.


        Ryoko barreled around yet another corner in the wearhouse district
of
town. This
guy was starting to get to her. He’d been running around in this maze for
almost fifteen
minutes, and she still hadn’t caught him. He knew every last turn and
hidding spot. She’d
lost Tenchi a while back, but was sure she’d run into him again soon.
        As she flew down the ally between two buildings, Ryoko saw a glimmer
of
light up
ahead. Blue light. It was the Tenchi-ken.
        Ryoko landed next to Tenchi and wondered what he was doing. He stood
still, his
mouth slightly open. The sword was raised like he was about to attack,
but he didn’t move
even his eye lids.
        “Wha-” Ryoko started to ask what he was doing, but then she heard
it.
She almost
didn’t teleport away fast enough before the energy sword cut through
where she had just
been. Looking down to see if Tenchi was alright, she saw him in combat
with four men, all
weilding energy swords. Where had they learned to form them? She could
becasue of her
powers, but these men looked to be normal in all respects.
        Ryoko smiled proudly as Tenchi held off all four of them with expert
swordsmanship. Her smile fadded quickly when he yelled, “Ryoko! Help me!”
She formed
her own sword and swooped down. Two of Tenchi’s assalients lost their
heads in a matter
of seconds. Tenchi cut down another and froze. Ryoko turned just in time
to blast the last
man before he tried to slash Tenchi’s arm off.
        “Tenchi?” Ryoko floated over to him. He still looked down at the man
he’d just
killed, “Are you okay?”
        “That’s the first man I’ve ever killed....” Tenchi said. His sword
winked out.
        “That’s not true... you killed Kagato....”
        “But he disapeared. And he deserved to die. This guy was real...
human....” he
looked haunted.
        “He would have killed you if you hadn’t killed him.” Ryoko said
softly.
        “Yeah...” Tenchi stood up straight, “Let’s get going. They came from
that
building.”
        The two rushed off to the warehouse Tenchi had indicated.
        Once inside, they moved silently down a dark hall way. Light came
from
under a
door, and voices could be heard inside. Ryoko moved to one side, and
Tenchi to the other.
The space pirate silently mouthed a count to three to Tenchi, and then
kicked the door in,
ready to blast. She swooped to one side, and Tenchi rolled to the other,
his sword up. A
dark fighure dove out the door between them.
        Tenchi whirled and saw the man stand up and look at him.
        “Mag.” he said with contempt.
        “Really?” Ryoko said. She flew at the radical terrorist...
        ...and hit the force sheild that had been rasied across the door
way.
        “That should hold the two of you for a while. I have to go deal with
your other
freinds now....” he laughed as he walked off.
        “Damn!” Tenchi sat down on the floor.
        “Should have known....” Ryoko sat down with him, “Now what?”
        “We wait.” Tenchi fell silent. They sat for several minutes.
        “Hiro’s gonna’ get hurt again.” Ryoko said.
        Tenchi nodded. They both knew that he’d go too far and end up
getting
hurt or
killed. Especially with Mag running around.
        “We should have been more careful!” Tenchi punched his hand into his
palm.
        “We should have given Hiro a gem.” Ryoko said.
        “What?” Tenchi couldn’t belive his ears.
        “He needs one. I want him with us. He’s a good fighter, and a great
guy... and I
love him. He should have one just so he doesn’t die....” Ryoko choked
back tears, “He’s
gonna’ die Tenchi!” she burried her face in his chest.
        “No Ryoko...” Tenchi thought for a moment, “Washu can get us out of
this. Once
we’re out, we’ll find Hiro and I’ll give him a gem. Then we can find Mag
and he’ll tell us
where Mihoshi is.”
        “Why would he do that?”
        “I’ll make him.” Tenchi had death in his eyes. Ryoko had never seen
that
look in
him before, and she didn’t like it at all. It was almost frightening.....

        “Got ‘em.” Washu said. Her computer vanished, “Let’s move.”
        Kiyone didn’t say a word. The two of them almost jumped down the
fire
escape
and hit the street running. Washu led.
        “We’re comming Mihoshi!” Kiyone yelled out into the night.

        Ayeka peeked around a corrner, then rolled out into the middle of
the
ally way and
put up a sheild. The three blaster shots bounced off of it. The three
owners of the blasters
looked on with wide eyes as Ayeka stood and laughed at them.
        “Fools! Did you think your punny weapons were any match for the
power of
Juri?”
they all scowled and formed energy swords.
        A sudden explostion at their feet killed one instently and sent the
other two flying
away. Hiro decended from the sky, and with a battle yell, slashed one of
them down his
front. Ayeka’s power logs surrounded the other man and he was blasted
with energy. His
body fell to the ground in a smoking heap.
        The two of them made a very effective fighting team. Ayeka was good
at
defence,
and Hiro was at his best on offence. As long as they worked together,
they were almost
unstopable.
        They stood again and looked around. The huge storage buildings
loomed
all about
them.
        “Where to now?” Ayeka asked him.
        Hiro looked about. He flipped open a small device and spoke into it,
“Washu, any
progress?”
        “The adress in 386. Look for that building.”
        “Thanks.” he looked up at the numbers on the side of the building
they
were at.
380.
        “Let’s move.” he said. They ran down the ally way eight buildings.

        Mag smiled when he saw the princess and the other deamon boy
comming.
His
welcome for them would be much messier then the one for the prince and
the deamon girl.
He almost couldn’t wait for Kiyone to get here. He’d have fun with
her....

        Mag’s welcoming commitie was spread out across the floor of the huge
building.
They all had blaster rifles and sword clips for their hands. The energy
generators on their
palms allowed them to create energy swords like Mag’s with the sword
clips. Useful for
close range combat.
        Any second now, the princess and the deamon boy would come through
the
large
doors on the side of the building, and they’d be wiped out by the barrage
of laser fire....

        Hiro stopped Ayeka just as she was about to push the button that
would
open the
doors.
        “What is it?” she asked him.
        “Something doesn’t feel right.” he said with a frown, “Let me open
the
doors.” he
flew back and Ayeka ran behind him. Hiro held up his hand and a ball of
energy started to
form.

        In their make-shift prison Tenchi and Ryoko sat and chatted.
        “So I hear you and Ayeka are sleeping together?” Ryoko said with a
wicked smile.
        “Wha-! Who?!? When? Graaa!” Tenchi back pealed away from her, “How’d
you
find out? Don’t kill me please!”
        “Give me a break Tenchi! I’m over that whole fight for you! I have
Hiro
now,
remember?”
        “But how’d you...” Tenchi trailed off. Only one other person even
knew,
and he
just couldn’t belive that....
        “Ayeka?” he asked in disbelife.
        “Yup. She told me all about it.” Ryoko smiled as Tenchi squirmed, “I
hear you’re
fairly well endow-”
        “That’s enough Ryoko!” he yelled, “Do you want me to start asking
Hiro
about
how you are in bed?”
        “Hey, I’m a Goddess in bed, Tenchi. I have nothing to hide...”
        “You’re such a little....”
        “What?” Ryoko looked at him smugly.
        “I don’t know!” Tenchi burst out laughing. Ryoko joined him a moment
latter.
One would have never known they were in life threatening peirl had they
just walked up.
        “I’m glad you and Ayeka are becoming such good freinds.” Tenchi said
after a
while.
        “Yeah, me too. Say, when are those guys gonna’ get here any way?”
Ryoko
looked annoyed.
        A resonding boom ansawered her question.
        They looked at eachother and smiled, “Hiro!” they both said in
unison.

        “Fall back!” shouted the Commander of the ambush troops inside the
building. The
doors had just exploded in, killing four of his front men. They were much
more powerful
than first anticipated if they could do that. He was worried.
        A hologram apeared, projected from his wrist communicator. It was
Mag,
“What
was that, Commander?”
        “It was them sir. We may want to expect heavy losses....”
        “I’ll be down in a minute.” Mag’s face flashed out.
        “Great....” the Commander mummbled and took aim at one of the forms
emerging
from the cloud of dust left by the explostion. He fiered.
        The shot bounced off a sheild and the figure vanished.
        A scream a short distence away told him that that was the deamon
boy.
The
princess must have been protecting him....
        “Fire at will!” he screamed, “Kill them both, now!” and he started
pumping off
shots into the cloud, hoping to hit the princess...

        Ayeka let the shots bounce of her sheild. This wouldn’t be a problom
for
her, but
Hiro had left the safty of her protection and gone off to hunt them down.
She worried for
him, but moved in to see if she could help in any way.
        What she saw shocked her.
        Hiro was bobbing all over at very high speeds, avoiding the shots of
almost thirty
gunmen. One shot grazed his leg, and another his arm. He just growled and
dove. The two
men lost their heads, followed by another four. Hiro was back up in the
air then, trying to
find more.
        He was being stupid. If he’d had a gem maybe he could have succeded,
but
as it
was...
        A shot blasted him in the side. He cried out and fell to the ground
a
short distence
from Ayeka. She sprang on him and dragged him behind a piled of crates.
The whole
interior of the warehouse was a maze of crates. It had probobly been set
up that way to
give the KalMor the home terrain advantage.
        The princess called up a sheild to cover both of them, and held Hiro
down as he
meekly tried to get up.
        “Got to save Mihoshi....” he growled.
        “Shhh! Stay down here! You’ve been hurt and need to stay put....”
Where
were
the others? They should have waited....

        “Great! The best equipment and we’re the last ones here!” Kiyone
yelled,
“Thank’s
Washu!”
        “We have the advantage now though! We’re the back up!” Washu yelled
back
as
her energy sword formed in one hand and she hefted a fair sized blaster
in the other. She
was in her child form, and looked rather silly holding the large hand
blaster, but somehow
fitting.
        Kiyone charged her own Washu Special blaster to full power. They’d
have
to take
the house down when they got in.

        Ryoko and Tenchi stood by the door way expectently. Any time now....
        Kiyone burst in and pointed her gun down the hall. She ran past
them.
        “Hey! Kiyone!” Ryoko called after her. Washu ran past.
        “Hey!” Tenchi yelled.
        Washu stopped and came back. She inspected the force sheild.
Standing
back, she
lifted her blaster and fiered diectly at it. Tenchi and Ryoko jumped to
either side as it
blasted in.
        “What the hell is that thing?” Ryoko asked in awe.
        “It’s my special dimenstional disruptive energy projecter.” Washu
said
off
handedly, “Come on!” and she ran off after Kiyone.
        Tenchi and Ryoko looked at each other. They bolted after the
scientist a
moment
latter.


        Kiyone ran out into the large storage area of the building and
started
shooting. She
had blasted five men into different dimentions before they even got a
chance to return fire.
Kiyone didn’t slow down after they did. She continued shooting and
running. No one
could hit her.
        Except Mag. He decended from the top of a pile of crates and landed
on
her. They
tumbled around for a moment, and when the came up, neither had a gun.
        “Damn!” Kiyone yelled.
        “Got you now, bitch!” Mag yelled back. His energy sword formed.
        Kiyone had seen the generators on the hands of the men she had
already
blasted,
and had long ago figured out how they produced the swords. As Mag lowered
his sword
for a killing blow, she jumped in and grabbed his wrist. Yanking the
sword clip from his
hand, she tossed it into a wall, where it exploded with a bright flash.
        “Now we’re even.” Kiyone said.
        The two squared off.

        “Ayeka!” Tenchi yelled as he skidded across the floor. Tripping one
man
and then
standing and slashing up across another. Tenchi ran to where he could see
the princess
barely holding her sheild against the bombardment of laser fire. Ryoko
was taking care of
the men who were shooting at her, so as Tenchi dove into her sphere of
protection, he
wasn’t hit.
        “How’s he doing?”
        “I’m fine. Let’s go.” Hiro tried to sit up, but found he couldn’t.
        “Here, hold still....” Tenchi placed his sword on Hiro’s chest and
prayed to the
Kami....
        The wound on Hiro’s side vanished instantly. His eyes grew wide as
green
energy
flowed about him. Looking down at his wrist, he saw a small green gem.
        “I wonder why they’re green on you...” Tenchi scratched his head.
        “This is one of Ryoko’s gems!” Hiro said, pointing to it.
        “Yup!” Ryoko appeared next to him and glomped him, “I love you so
much
that I
want you to have one! Think of it as and early birthday present!”
        “Thank you Ryoko.” Hiro was deeply touched. He and the space pirate
hugged.
        “I don’t mean to disrupt a moment, but I can’t hold this sheild much
longer....”
Ayeka said.
        “Sorry...” Hiro and Ryoko seprated. “Is Kiyone here?” he asked.
        “Yeah. She’s over fighting Mag last I saw...” Ryoko said.
        “Good. You guys clean up here. I’m going to help her.”

        Kiyone was thrown into a wall. Mag was much stronger then he looked.
        “You’re nothing to me, you know that?” he asked her as he threw a
punch.
She
ducked to the side and his fist smashed a hole in the brick wall. Her
mouth fell open.
        “What are you?” she asked.
        “I’m Thelcarian.” he said.
        The Thelcarian’s were noted for their almost indistructable bone
structure, and
strength that made humans look like bugs. They were also noted for...
        Kiyone gasped. Mag was able to transform?
        “That’s right, Captian. I can turn into this!” he hissed at her as
he
grew almost
three feet taller. He bulked out and his head became that of a giant king
cobra. Huge fangs
glisened with poisen. Claws extended from his fingers.
        His clothing hanging in tatters from where it had been ripped when
he
grew, Mag
stalked forward to finish her. Kiyone was in a corner. No where to go....
        Hiro appeared out of no where and smashed a double fist into the
snake
mans
head, blasting him almost fifteen feet away into a stack of crates. The
boxes came down
on top of him.
        The deamon boy landed and helped Kiyone up, “Are you okay?”
        “He smacked me around a little, but I’m fine.”
        “Good, I don’t think he’s down yet.” Hiro’s comment was punctuated
as a
large
crate slammed into him. He was smashed into the wall.
        “That hurt.” he growled and whirled. Mag had just thrown another
heavy
box
when he did, but Hiro blasted that one apart. He flew at the snake man at
an unbelivablely
high rate of speed.
        Several punches latter, Mag regained a bit of ballence and punched
back.
He was
so huge that Hiro had to block the blow with both hands, and his feet
were forced down
into the cement ground and back a few inches. He flipped the snake man
over his head and
tossed him like a rag doll. He followed the throw with a blast of energy,
which hit the
Thelcarian as he landed. Mag was blasted into a door across the building.
        Two other men suddenly rolled out from around a pile of boxes and
fiered
at
Kiyone. Hiro appeared in front of her and deflected the blasts with a
sheild.
        “Shit! There’s another one that can do that?” one of the men yelled.
        “Fall back you idiots!” Mag hissed at them. They layed down a cover
fire
and
backed through the door with their leader.
        “They’re going to Mihoshi!” Kiyone yelled and started after them.
        “Wait!” a voice behind them called.
        They turned to see Washu standing there. She tossed her gun to
Kiyone,
“You’ll
need that.” she winked and ran off to the sounds of combat.
        “Let’s go.” Kiyone yelled and she and Hiro ran to the door that Mag
and
his goons
and fled through.


        “How are they so powerful?” Mag hissed as he ran up the steps. He’d
kill
the
blond one at least. Then his mission wouldn’t be totally in vain. He
burst into the room
and stalked towords her instantly. He raised one huge claw to take her
head off.
        Kiyone out of no where jumped on his back and put her gun to his
head,
“You are
under arrest you piece of shit! Revert to your normal form and-” he
plucked her from his
back and tossed her into the wall behind Mihoshi. The blond stirred and
woke up.
        “Kiyone?” she sobbed. Mag hissed and went to bite her. Kiyone was
back
again.
Didn’t she ever go away? This time she took a flying kick into his mouth,
snapping his
head to one side. A spinning round house and she kicked him aside. She
turned to her
freind.
        Mihoshi sat there, wimpering in pain and relife. Her leg was covered
in
blood, and
looked to have glass shards sticking out of it. A small hole in her left
shoulder told of an
energy sword, and the large shard of glass protruding from a nasty wound
in her right arm
told of a sadistic torturer.
        “I’m so sorry...” Kiyone wispered.
        “How’d you get up here past all the guards?” Mihoshi asked.
        One of Mag’s goons flew past them across the room into a wall. He
hit it
and then
landed on the floor with a grunt.
        “Hiro’s here.” she smiled, “And so are all the others...”
        “Look out!” Mihoshi screamed. Kiyone ducked just in time to avoid a
claw
swipe.
Mag growled at her.
        “I’ll kill you, you iputent whelp!” he was furrious. This GP woman
would
not beat
him again. He was invincable in this form! Nothing could hurt him! He’d
rend her apart!
        “Help me sir!” one of his men ran around and hid behind him. Mag’s
face
turned
red, even through his scales.
        “Coward!” he spun around to yell at the man, but Hiro appeared next
to
him. One
swipe of his sword cut the man in half from shoulder to hip. The tip of
the sword passed
through Mihoshi’s ropes.
        Kiyone jumped up and kicked Mag in the back. He stumbled forward,
but
then
lashed out with a kick of his own. She hit the wall and fell with a thud.
Her ribs were
bruised, and she had cracked her skull when she hit the wall. She was
sure of it.
        Hiro spun and lashed out with his sword. It passed through Mag’s
left
side, and
the snake man screamed in pain. He whiped around and slashed his claws
across the
deamon boys chest and face all at the same time. Hiro flew back into a
wall as well. He
slumped forward, aparently out cold from the impact.
        Mag stalked over to Kiyone. He’d enjoy killing this one.
        “At least Yosho will be dead by sunrise!” he bellowed as he raised
his
claw.
Kiyone could barely see through the tears in her eyes. The blow to her
head was too
much. She closed her eyes and waited. She could almost see the claw
comming down and
taking off her head....
        The sound of the Washu Special firing caught her attention. Her eyes
sanpped
open just in time to see Mag look down at the huge hole in his torso. He
literally fell in
half.
        Kiyone looked over to where Mihoshi stood with the weapon, “Wow!
That’s
some
blater Kiyone!” she said.
        “Mihoshi!” Kiyone tried to go to her but fell over. The blond rushed
over and
helped her freind sit up. They sobbed in each others arms.
        “I was so worried about you!” Kiyone said.
        “I never lost hope for you!” Mihoshi replied.
        They cried quietly for a few minutes, then Kiyone pushed Mihoshi to
arms
length,
“Mihoshi, you’re my best freind.”
        “You’re mine too, Kiyone!” they smiled at each other.
        There was a hissing noise and the top half of Mag suddenly reared
up,
intent on
biting them both in half with one snap. The two GP woman screamed.
        And then Mag’s head flew off to one side. His body hit the floor.
They
looked up
at Hiro. Huge, bloody slashes ran across his face and chest. His sword
still glowed
brightly, as did the green gem on his wrist.
        “I’d think two Galaxy Police officers would be more careful around
most
wanted
criminals.” he smirked at them.
        Tenchi and Ryoko burst into the room, followed shortly by Ayeka and
Washu.
They looked around.
        “Guess it’s over already.” Ryoko shrugged.
        “Not quite...” Kiyone said. They all looked to her, “Mag said
something
about
Yosho being dead by sun rise...”
        “They know where the house is!” Tenchi yelled, “Ryoko, take me there
now!” she
grabbed him and the two dissapeared.

        An hour earlier, at the Masaki home, Nobuyuki sat on his couch
watching
the
video he’d shot of Tenchi and the girls in town one day when they’d all
gone shopping.
Tenchi had been so shy back then, and now he had a girlfreind, and she
was a princess to
boot!
        He was happy with his life. Everything was running well. Except for
this
one little
incident, nothing had happened on the galactic level in a while, and
Washu was a great girl
and....
        What was that noise? He’s sent Sasami and Ryo-Ohki to go stay with
Yosho
at the
temple, so they wouldn’t be in the kitchen. He got up and walked over to
the door.
Blasted mice got into the house no matter what he did...
        He walked into the kitchen and froze.
        There was a man dressed all in black standing there. He held a
blaster
in one hand,
and in the other he held the top to the pot that sat to one side of the
stove. It was Sasami’s
left overs....
        “Uh... hi there!” Nobuyki said.
        “Hi....” the man replied and set the top to the pot back down.
        “Pretty good stuff huh? Sasami’s a great cook!”
        “Yeah, I smelled it when I came in. Are those carrots?”
        “Yeah.... most things we eat have carrots...” he trailed off and the
two
stood in
silence for a moment.
        Nobuyuki stepped back through the door quickly, “Bye now!” he
slammed
the
door and jumped to the side as laser blasts tore through it.
        He wasn’t a fighter! He was an architect! He designed houses! He’d
designed this
house.
        And he knew it better then any one...
        Nobuyuki smiled as he heard the assasin run after him. He dove out
the
door to the
back and ran around to the shed.

        The assasin kicked open the door to the shed and pointed his
blaster.
There was
nothing there except a strange looking contraption with scyths lining the
front of it. He
looked at the name plate on it.
        “Carrot-Tron 3000?” he asked out loud.
        The thing roared to life and started moving. The assasin didn’t even
have time to
jump out of the way before it had run him down and slashed him to bits
with it’s sharp
harvesting tools.
        Nobuyuki stepped out of the shed and looked around. The Carrot-Tron
3000
ended it’s rapage in the lake at the foot of the hill.
        “Well that was easy!” he patted himself on the back and turned to
go.
Turning
saved his life as another blaster laser hit his arm. He sreamed in pain
like a little girl and
ran for cover. He dove back inside the house as the glass in the door was
blasted out.
        He could hear the pounding foot steps of persuit. Nobuyuki dove
through
the first
door he came to in the hall way.
        The closet.


        The second assasin threw open the closet door and jumped inside. He
found
himself in a lush garden filled with all sorts of exotic plants. A
waterfall poured from a
whole in space above and splashed down into a pool where his target sat.
        Nobuyuki spashed the water on his hurt arm and sighed as the burning
stopped. He
looked over and saw the assasin comming for him, energy sword in hand.
        “I wouldn’t come an closer....” he warned.
        “What are you going to do? Scream like a little girl and run again?”
the
assasin
grinned evily. Nobuyuki sighed.
        From out of the garden plot next to the assasin, a huge carnivous
plant
popped up
and clamped it’s massive jaws down on him. The man’s scream was cut short
as the highly
acidic digestive juices in the plant’s mouth started to erode his body
from the head down.
        Nobuyuki got up and walked out of the lab, taking a wide path to
avoid
the still
hungry plant. Washu should feed the poor thing more offten....
        He stepped out of the lab and turned to go to the bath room and get
some
medical
suplies. He saw two things that made his heart stop.
        Sasami stood in the hall way by the living room, a concerned
exprestion
on her
face. Behind her, an assasin was aiming a blaster at her head.
        “Nobuyuki? Grandfather and I were worried when we heard the noise
from
the
Carrot-Tron 3000 and-”
        “Sasami!” he screamed as his body lerched forward. He tackled the
girl
and took
the blaster shot directly in his back. He hit the ground with a thud and
a moan. Sasami was
too shocked to do anything but stare in wide eyed horror at the man with
the gun.
        “Shit!” the assasin stood and walked over. He pointed his blaster
down
at Sasami,
“Say goodnight, princess...”
        “MY SON!” came a bellowed shout from across the room. Sasami’s eyes
darted
over to where Yosho stood in wide eyed shock, looking at the scene before
him.
        The assasin suddenly grew fearful and whiped around to blast the old
man. Yosho
was already moving and had an energy sword in one hand. He screamed a
battle cry as he
lunged. The blaster went off.
        Sasami looked up to see Yosho’s face. It was calm and blank. She
glanced
over his
shoulder to see the man with the blaster. His head rolled off his
shoulders and he fell to the
ground.
        “Oh ew! Yucky! Yucky!” she said and squirmed away from the
decapitated
man.
        Yosho strainghtened as his sword fadded. He looked down at his
son-in-law.
        “Today, Nobuyuki, you are a truely brave warrior....” he bowed his
head.


        Tenchi and Ryoko appeared in the living room, ready for battle. What
they saw
was a headless man lying next to Nobuyuki, who’s head was craddeled in
the lap of a
crying Sasami. Yosho knelled next to her, with one hand on her shoulder.
        “Oh no.... Dad....” Tenchi walked forward and fell to his knees next
to
his father.
        “Tenchi...” Nobuyuki wispered.
        “Yeah Dad?” Tenchi could barely hold back his tears. His father was
going to be
gone now too....
        “Take care of all the girls, and tell Washu that I love her, okay?”
        “Okay Dad.” Tenchi couldn’t think of anything at all to say.
        “Tenchi?”
        “Yeah Dad?”
        “I love you Son.”
        “I love you too Dad...” the tears started to fall.
        There was a whooshing sound behind them. Hiro’s voice came, “I
thought
you
guys might need a medic or something just in case so I brought-”
        “NOBUYUKI!!!” Washu’s voice cut him off.
        “Holy shit!” Hiro yelled as the diminutive scientist knocked him out
of
the way.
She fell at Tenchi’s side and grabbed his father’s arm.
        “Help me roll him over.” she commanded, tears running down her face.
Her
new
boyfreind would not be the only casuality of this fight....
        They rolled him over and there was a sharp intake of breath from
all.
Washu
inspected the wound.
        “Let’s get him to my lab. I can save him. I WILL save him...” she
stood
and
walked to the door of her lab. She turned and looked at the dumb founded
Tenchi and
crew, “Well come on! Let’s go!” she screamed.
        That seemed to jar Tenchi and Hiro into action. They gently lifted a
moaning
Nobuyuki from the ground.
        “No! It hurts to much! Just let me die!” he cried.
        “Dear,” Washu said as they carried him to the lab, “I’ll lay you
four
times a day if
you live.”
        “Tenchi, if you drop me and I die, so help me when you get to the
other
side...”
        Nobuyuki’s voice faded as they dissapeared into the lab.
        “I think he’ll pull through.” Sasami said blankly.
        “With an offer like that, my son-in-law would be able to walk
through a
volcano....” Nobuyuki agreed.

        The bell rang again. Washu rushed into the living room with a look
of
concern on
her face, “What is is dear?” she said as she sat next to Nobuyuki where
he lay on the
couch watching TV.
        “Nothing! I just wanted to see you in that cute nurses uniform
again!”
he replied,
setting a hand on her rump.
        Ayeka ‘ahemed’ from across the room. Nobuyuki looked over to see her
sitting
there with one hand over Sasami’s eyes, and the other on one hip. She
tapped her foot.
        He removed his hand from Washu’s rear end. She flashed Ayeka a
smile,
which
was returned with a wink before her hand was removed from her sister’s
eyes.
        Hiro slammed into the window of the living room, and remarkabally,
it
didn’t
shatter. They could hear him out side, “Oh! You want to play rough huh?”
        “Come and get it!” came Ryoko’s response.
        Everyone groaned and shook their heads.
        “For two people who are so much in love, they sure do fight a lot.”
Sasami
commented.
        “Yeah.” Tenchi said as he walked up behind Ayeka and rested one hand
on
her
rear. He kissed her deeply.
        “Ahem.” Washu said. They looked down to see her standing next to
Sasami,
one
hand over the girl’s eyes and a glare on her face.
        Tenchi turned red and backed away. Ayeka grinned and Washu winked.
        “Why do people keep covering my eyes for all the juicy parts?”
Sasami
asked.
        Everyone in the room facefaulted.


        Kiyone and Mihoshi walked up to the gates that led into the yard
around
the
Masaki home.
        “Hello, Captain Kiyone, hell Detective Mihoshi!” the two gaurdians
said
in unison.
        “Hello you two!” Mihoshi waved.
        “Becareful of Ryoko and Hiro, they’re fighting over who has to clean
the
gutters.”
        “Thank’s guys.” Kiyone pushed open the gates and walked in. Mihoshi
waved as
she followed. The gates shut.
        It was only four seconds latter that they heard Kiyone scream, “Hey
you
two!
Watch it! Not here!” there was an explostion and a scream, then sounds of
blaster fire.
        “Whoa!” Hiro yelled.
        “Yow!” Ryoko screamed.
        “Another wonderful day on Earth.” Azaka commented.
        “Indeed, another beutiful day....” Kamidake said in reply.
