What Happens When All is Lost?
By The Unknown DJ

        It was a pitch black night and all slept well. Nothing seemed to
skim
the pure silence. It was perfect, he thought, as he slowly opened the
door to house. It was hard getting in, but he had done it, of course.
Nobody had ever caught him and when they had seen him, he had slipped
through their fingers.
        As he slowly walked down the hall, he knew this place would be
loaded.
Probably full of old Shinto related crap. Good enough to get me some
yen, he thought smugly. Especially, since it was hard to get in.

        At the same time, Tenchi felt a small tingly in his organ. Ahh, he
thought, I really don't want to get up. Mostly, because she is next to
me.
        On his left side lay the beautiful Princess Aeka. After months of
dealing with very uncomfortable thoughts and feelings, Tenchi had
fallen for Aeka. Ryoko had been extremely angered and began giving
Tenchi death threats, but she would eventually get over it. For a week,
Tenchi and Aeka had been engaged and soon they would fly away to Jurai,
there to be wed. There, to eternally seal a fate that had been looked
over many of times. Quickly, Tenchi felt the urge in his groin return.
He slowly got up. "Tenchi?" mumbled Aeka.
        "Yes, my love?"
        "Why are you getting up?"
        "I have to go."
        "Oh. Could you please bring me a glass of water on your way back
up?"
        "Sure, my love," spoke Tenchi. He slowly got up and headed for the
bathroom.

        Meanwhile, the stranger stood in the hall, prepared to head to the
various bedrooms for items of value. His hand lay at his left side,
right next to his holster. Even though he was the greatest criminal, he
knew protection was always a key. As soon as danger came, he would be
ready.
        Scree! He suddenly heard the noise he hated most. The noise
announcing
that another person was entering his proximity. He took his pistol out
and waited for the foreshadowed confrontation.

        Tenchi headed down the upstairs hall slowly. He got to stairs and
switched on a light, because it would sure be stupid to trip and end up
in an emergency room right before his wedding. He slowly walked down
the stairs, but as he came to the first floor, he sensed that something
was wrong. He scanned the living room and kitchen, but he could not see
anything of the unusual. He turned the corner and headed to the
bathroom. Suddenly, he heard the couch spring squeak.
        He walked slowly towards the living room. He figured it was probably
Aeka playing a joke on him. He walked over to the couch. "Hi, honey.
You had me worried there for a second."

        What can I do now, he thought. How could this guy have such a great
perception? He slowly slid off the couch, into a small patch of
blackness. "Listen, Aeka. It's a little late for these games," said the
kid. He pulled the gun out in front of him while the kid still stood
there, obviously unaware of his fate. A lot were gonna cry during the
next week, but it wasn't his fault. The kid should never have come into
the living room.
        He stepped into the light, as the kid began to slowly see that his
love was not there. He stared at the nicely polished .38 caliber that
the man held. The kid stood completely still. "Whaa…?"
 "Sorry, kid. Nothing personal or anything." Bam! Bam! As the second
shot rang out, he turned and fled the scene. He felt nothing, however,
in his heart or mind. He had played this scene in his life too may
times already to care.

Tenchi stood there as the man ran away. He felt blood dripping from the
two fresh holes that had been placed in his chest and knew he was not
going to live this encounter. He had less then a minute left and he
could only think of the good memories that he had experienced in his
life.
The strength in his legs was lost and he began to fall to his knees. He
heard a rapid amount of footsteps coming from all directions. He knew
it was his family, but they would only accomplish total misery by
coming to this scene. As his eyes blurred, he could see Aeka in the
background. He saw her coming to his side. The last feeling he ever had
in his life, was the warmth in his heart when Aeka last hugged him.

"NOOOOOOOOOO!" yelled Aeka, as Tenchi's eyelids fluttered for the last
time. She quickly turned to Washu. "Isn't there anything you can do.
Bring him back some how?"
"I'm sorry… I can't…" replied Washu. Aeka looked to everyone else, but
they all knew that it was too late. They stood there, as if they to had
died. Aeka clutched Tenchi's blood stained body and hysterically tried
to shake him, thinking he might wake up or come back.
All that had happened so recently had been the greatest thing for the
princess. They were going to get married, have children, and do all the
other things that had lay ahead of them. But it was all gone… "Tenchi!"

Later, all members and friends of the Masaki household came for the
funeral. It was long and never seemed to end for Aeka. She sat in the
front row of the church and never stopped crying. From time to time,
Washu, Yosho, and Nobuyuki took their turns talking at the head of the
room. Not Yosho or Nobuyuki cried for they had already experienced the
loss of Achika some years ago.
As Aeka thought more and more on the loss of Tenchi, she knew a fact
that did not seem apparent to anyone else. She was not going to make
it.

Another week past and Aeka decided to buy a ticket for a trip to Tokyo.
She did not intend to return to the house for awhile. She allowed no
one to follow her and traveled with only a picture of her and Tenchi.
She came to a cliff side near a beach and cast the picture over the
edge. It fell until it shattered on a couple of rocks. She watched the
ocean for awhile, until she heard a voice. "Give me all of your money!"
She turned around to see a tall, skinny man with a firearm in hand.
"Come over here and get it." The man walked over and grabbed her by the
arm. "Now, you're gonna get it!" Aeka grabbed the man with her other
arm. "You and me." She jumped towards the sea, still holding onto the
man. The man was off balance, so of course he fell with her. They both
fell straight towards the rocks. The man screamed, but Aeka stayed
calm. Soon, I will see my Tenchi again. END

All characters belong to AIC/Pioneer entertainment. Comments to
theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com. That's all.