Tenchi Muyo! What happens next?
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter 5: New lives, new challenges, old enimies
Note: I don’t own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any
of them up (well,
except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story about them. I’d say
that’s one of the
biggest forms of flattery out there, to have such a great story that
other’s want to write
about it. So please, this is a fan appreciative story, don’t sue me for
using your stuff OK?
(Believe me, you wouldn’t get too much any way....)

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

        One year. A year can do much to change people, and changes can
effect
the rest of
a person’s life. In one year, so much had happened to the Masaki family.
Since that fateful
day when the Queen of Juri had stopped in to visit and found her
daughter’s acting like
heathens, changes had occured that would effect the lives of everyone who
lived at the
Maski estate.
        Tenchi looked at the gates that stood in front of the shrine for
what
would be the
last time in months. He was off to Tokyo in a few breif minutes and he
wanted to take in
the sights that he loved so much around his home. The mountins were
beutiful in the
autum splender, and the shrine grounds looked so wonderful and welcoming.
His
grandfather stood behind him, respecting his solitude for a few minutes,
then cleared his
throat.
        “Tenchi. It is time to go.”
        “Yes Grandfather.” Tenchi turned around and ducked. Yosho’s wooded
sword
sliced the air where his head had been the moment before, jumping to one
side, Tenchi
rolled and jumped up and over his grandfather’s next attack. He sprang
back and flipped in
midair, landing in a crouch ready for anything. Yosho was already there,
with his sword to
Tenchi’s neck.
        “Wanted to beat me one last time before I go away?” the young man
asked
with a
grin. To his suprise, Yosho flipped the sword around and handed it to
him. Tenchi took it
and stood, “But Grandpa, it’s your sword. You always train with this
sword...”
        “I have others. I’m giving this one to you, so that you can train
while
you are
away. It was made from one of Tsunami’s branches and given to me to train
with long
before I left Juri. Now I want you to train with it, since you are
leaving on a quest of your
own.”
        “I will Grandpa. I’ll train every day.”
        “Hiro can help you too. He’s advanced far in his combat skill since
he
recived his
powers. Talk to him so that the two of you can work out a training
schedual. I’d like to
see your improvment when you return in four months.”
        “You will. I’ll beat you yet old man!” Tenchi shook his fist at
Yosho
with a look of
mock anger on his face. They laughed and walked off to the van that was
laden with all
sorts of boxes and suit cases.
        “Moving all four of us in is going to be difficult in one day...”
Tenchi
said as he
watched Hiro float over the van, strapping down several boxes to the top
of it. The strap
snapped back and whacked him in the jaw, sending him spinning off into
the brush. Tenchi
supressed a laugh.
        Ayeka and Ryoko had decided that their boyfriends would not get away
from them
as easily as they had thought, and had anounced that they too would be
attending class at
the same university in Tokyo that both young men were going to. Having
all four of them
there seemed to spell disaster to Washu.
        So the diminutive scientist had also decided to go. She had moved
two
weeks
earlier, so that she could settle into her job as a professer at the same
university well
enough to be able to teach a class or two.
        The house would be left in the care of Nobuyki and Sasami, who would
be
starting
classes at the high school as a freshman in three weeks time. The
gurdaians would be able
to protect her if any probloms should arise again, so Kiyone had seen fit
to move her
center of opperations as resident officer of the Galaxy Police to the
place where most of
the Jurian nobalty would be. She and Mihoshi had moved into Tokyo two
days before.
        “Time to hit the road!” Nobuyuki called out as he climbed into the
drivers seat of
the van. Yosho sat in the front passenger seat, Tenchi and Ayeka sat in
the next seats
back, and Hiro and Ryoko sat in the farthest seats back. Ryo-Ohki jumped
in and sat
down on Ryoko’s lap, meowing happily.
        “Oh no you don’t.” Ryoko picker her up and handed her out the door
to
the
waiting hands of Sasami, “There’s no pets alowed in the dorms Ryo-Ohki.
Besides,
Sasami can feed you all the carrots you want. I’m going to be a starving
collage student.”
        “Meow!” Ryo-Ohki said unhappily.
        “I know, I’ll miss you too! But don’t worry, you still have Sasami
to
play with,
and I’ll be back now and then to visit! We wont be apart for too long.”
Ryoko assured her
fuzzy compainion. The cabbit meowed mourfully once again, but stayed in
Sasami’s arms.
        Tears of happiness and grief all at the same time mixed in Sasami’s
eyes, “I’ll miss
all of you very much!” she told them.
        “We’ll come back to see you soon. It’s only four months...” Ayeka
told
her, her
eyes misting over as well. The sisters had never been apart for more then
a few weeks at a
time before, and this seperation was hard on both of them.
        “I want to hear all about how your studies and school is when I get
back!” Tenchi
said to her.
        “And I want to hear all about your boyfriends!” Ryoko teased.
        “Ryoko!” Sasami blushed, but smiled at the comment.
        “Be good while I’m gone!” Ayeka said to her.
        “You be good while you’re away!” Sasami shot back and they smiled.
Leaning
over Tenchi, Ayeka hugged her little sister, “Good bye, Sasami.”
        “Bye Ayeka.” Sasami said.
        “Meow!” Ryo-Ohki put in.
        Sasami watched the van drive off down the road and sighed. She
turned
and
walked back to the house to do what she liked best. The think that always
seemed to make
her feel better.
        Sasami was going to cook a feast for Nobuyki and Yosho when the
returned
latter
the next day.

        The dorms seemed so small at first, but the students seemed to grow
used
to it.
Across the hall from Tenchi and Hiro’s room there was two guys who played
loud music
the whole time everyone was trying to move in, and they yelled loudly
ever time a pretty
girl happened to walk past, looking for this brother or that friend.
        “I’m glad Ryoko wasn’t here today to see us...” Hiro said as he
colapsed
into the
top bunk of the beds.
        “Why’s that?” Tenchi asked as he hooked the last cord up to one of
the
two
computers that sat against one wall.
        “She would have killed those guys across the hall.” he said.
        “Oh. That music had better not become a regular thing. We need to
study
if we’re
going to do good at all.”
        “You don’t need to study that much...” Hiro said.
        “And why do you say that?” Tenchi looked up at his friend
curriously.
        “Because you’re an Lititure Major! All you need to do is read a
bunch of
books!”
        “Just because I didn’t take some imposibal major...” Tenchi smirked.
He
had
acually suprised everyone by picking Lititure as his major. Hiro had
relised then how many
writing classes he had taken in high school. Tenchi wrote poems and
stories all the time,
and wrote in a jornal every day.
        “Hey, it’s what I love to do...” Hiro’s major was Mechanical
Engineiring,
specificly for air craft and space flight. He had become intrigued by the
logistics of the
Lowrider’s design, and had jumped at the oppurtunity to design and build
space craft
himself. His experience with his own ship had given him an edge over the
rest of the
aplicants to the programe, and he had tested in with ease.
        “Let’s get some sleep now.” Tenchi said, “We start classes tomarow,
and
I want to
be well rested.”
        “Sound plan.” Hiro floated down through his bed and over to the
light
swich.
Tenchi climbed into the bottom bunk as the lights went out. Hiro
teleported back to his
bed and they both tried to fall asleap.

        Ryoko trotted into the room as Ayeka was finishing putting her
clothes
into a
dresser drawer. The pirate shut the door loudly to let her pressence be
known.
        “Hello, Ryoko. I trust your tour of the dorm was enjoyable?”
        “Very. There’s these girls down the hall that have a month’s worth
of
Saki built up
in their little dorm fridge already!” Ryoko seemed excited about this.
        “You’re not going to have too much time to get soused with your
class
load.”
Ayeka reminded her.
        “Tell me about it!” Ryoko thought back to her major. She had oppted
to
take a
Liberal Arts major, and hadn’t planed on all the basic corses that she
neglected to test out
of. She had to take almost every 101 corse on campus just to keep up with
the rest of her
freinds credit hours.
        “I’ll only be able to help you with two classes you know...” Ayeka
said,
“I have
other classes that I tested into...”
        “Don’t remind me that I missed my test date! How could I have done
that!
I’m still
kicking myself...” Ryoko knew that she could have tested out of all of
her first and second
year corses at least. She wasn’t too bright by intergalatic standerds,
but she was a genius
compared to most earth students. One didn’t live over 2000 years because
one was stupid.
        “Tell me again why you chose to take Political Sciences?” Ryoko
asked
the
princess.
        “Because I already know all of it. I’m the First Crown Princess of
the
House of
Juri. As such, my parents and touters all taught me to be diplomatic and
a shewd
negotiator.” Ayeka nodded her head, “I know I’ll pass all of my classes
with flying colors,
and be able to see Tenchi more as a result of not having to study hardly
at all!” she
laughed manicly. Then stopped and wondered why she had.
        “You’re just so smooth hun.” Ryoko chuckled and shook her head,
“Hiro
will be
so weighed down with home work and study time that I’ll never get to see
him any way.”
she sighed.
        “Don’t worry too much Ryoko. It will all work out in the end.” Ayeka
reasured
her former rival.
        “I know....” Ryoko sighed again and looked out the window at the
moon,
“I
know.”

        Three weeks seemed to fly by to the collage students. Hiro found
himself
in two
classes with Washu as a profeser (incidently, she only taught two
classes) and the work
load from those two corses alone had bogged him down to the point of
cramming for
weekly test already. Ryoko had come up with a suprisingly large amount of
home work as
well, which she had promply neglected.
        Tenchi had a fairly easy time of it, as did Ayeka. The two were
constently having
study sesstions in the campus park, or going out to see a movie. As their
relationship grew
deeper, Ryoko and Hiro seemed to drift apart.
        With all of this in his mind, it was a suprise to Hiro when he got a
phone call from
his girlfriend early one eavning.
        “Hello?”
        “Hiro! Hey stranger, how’ve you been? Haven’t talked in almost two
weeks!”
        “Yeah... damn it, I’m sorry Ryoko. It’s just your mom is working me
so
hard!”
        “Yeah... I’ll talk to her and remind her this isn’t the science
accadamy.”
        “You don’t have to do that...”
        “Sure I do, if you want to live through her classes. She’s brutal.”
        “That’s for sure....”
        “Hey, you want to go out tonight?”
        “I’d love to, but I have to write a paper for my Calc class...”
        “Screw it! You can get away with one late paper. Better yet, we’ll
have
Mom
write it. You’ll be sure to get an ‘A’ then!”
        “She’d probobly put a bunch of stuff that my proffeser has never
even
heard of in
there! No, I have to write it my self...”
        “So just don’t do it for a night! Have some fun! You’ve been holed
up in
that
room for so long you’re probobly pale and stinky by now!”
        “I do not stink, dear...”
        “Prove it! Teleport over here right now and show me!”
        “Fine!” Hiro slammed down the phone and vanished. An instant latter
he
popped
up in Ryoko’s dorm room.
        She tackled him from behind and he slammed into the bed.
        “Gotcha!” she cried in victory and held him tight. He strugled
against
her, and it
seemed like he would break free for just a moment when the door opened.
Ayeka walked
in.
        “Hey! You two do that some place else! Not on MY bed!” she screamed.
        “Ayeka! Keep it down! If they find out there’s a boy in here we’ll
be in
big
trouble!”
        “Shit! Sorry!” Ayeka shut the door quickly and turned back to her
two
friends.
They had untangled themselfs and were sitting holding hands on the floor.
Ayeka shruged
and joined them.
        “So what brings you here tonight, Hiro?” she asked him.
        “Ryoko suckered me into it.” he replied with a grin.
        “I see...” Ayeka turned a quizical look on the pirate. Ryoko
shrugged.
        “So what do you want to do tonight?” Ayeka asked them.
        Ryoko blinked, “Huh?”
        “Well, you finnally got Hiro out of his room, and it’s only right
that
we celabrate!
I’ll get Tenchi, we’ll go into town and get together with Mihoshi and
Kiyone, maybe even
give Washu a call! We’ll have a big get together!”
        “Sounds like fun!” Ryoko said.
        “I really have to write that paper...” Hiro said.
        “No way!” Ryoko tackled him again and pinned him to the ground,
“You’re
not
getting away now!”
        There was a green glow from under Ryoko and both she and Ayeka could
feel the
power level in the room jump. Ryoko was suddenly pushed up and she began
to glow red
and strugled with Hiro. The two began to ementate waves of energy. Both
grinned.
        Ryoko flashed a bright red suddenly and pushed Hiro down. He
struggled
now to
keep his arms up and pushing against his love, “Ayeka! Give me a hand
here! If anyone
understands the need to get home work done, it has to be you!”
        To his suprise, power logs apeared around the room and he was
suddenly
trapped
in a force feild. He pounded on it and yelled, but no sound was heard by
either girl.
        “Sorry Hiro....” Tenchi stepped out from the closet and walked over
to
him. Hiro’s
mouth dropped open then he shook his head and smiled.
        “Hey! We had to get you out some how!” Ryoko grinned, “Now let’s
party!”

        Hiro kicked back the last of his shot and looked to his left. Kiyone
finished off her
beer. She was staring intently at Tenchi and Ryoko a few meters away. The
two were
playing darts, and Ryoko was losing baddly.
        “It’s acurecy, not strength Ryoko!” Ayeka was trying to explain.
Washu
cackled
from a little ways behind them.
        The bar was a nice place, full of laughing people and pleasent
service.
The bar
tenders all ran around and played jokes, the waitresses were never seen
without a smile.
All in all, it was a good place to be on a friday night.
        At the bar, Hiro and Kiyone were suddenly squirted from behind. They
turned to
see a bartender with a name tag that said ‘Mac’ on it squirt them again
with the water
dispencer.
        “Ha! Gottcha!” he yelled above the din of the crowd and the music
and
the TV’s
and every other noise in the bar.
        Kiyone picked up the still full beer that she had just popped open
and
shook it up.
The carbination of the beverage made it foam and spray, and she aimed it
at Mac. He fired
back but was quickly drenched in beer.
        “Now now! Children!” Washu called from where she was beating Tenchi
at
the
dart boards. Laughes all around were enough to make the two combatents
stop their petty
battle.
        Mihshi suddenly ran into the bar next to Kiyone, making her spill
beer
all over her
self. More laughter greeted the new mishap.
        “MIHOSHI!!!” Kiyone screamed at her friend.
        “Sorry, but I slipped!” Mihoshi complained.
        “Maybe if you were wearing your shoes, your socks wouldn’t slide
across
the floor
like that!”
        “But those shoes are so painful! They don’t go with my out fit
either...”
        “Never mind. What do you want?” Kiyone asked with frown as she
dabbed
the
beer from her shirt with a napkin.
        “I just wanted to know if you wanted to come over to the dance floor
with me!
Come on Hiro! You too! Let’s go!” the looked over to Hiro, but he was
staring down the
bar a little ways.
        “Hiro?” Kiyone asked.
        “Heads up.” he said in a grim tone.
        Kiyone leaned back and looked beyond her friend to where his eyes
were
locked.
A man in a trench coat stood several meters down the bar, showing a
picture of Ayeka to
one of the bar tenders. The bar tender was nodding and pointing over to
the group playing
darts. As the man tucked the picture away and started in that direction,
his sleave pulled
back, revealing a metle object strapped to his wrist that joined with
another object
strapped around his hand. There was a glowing red light on the top of the
hand piece.
        “Shit!” Kiyone cursed. There was only one group of criminals in the
galaxy that
employed those hand blast generators.
        “The KalMor.” Hiro said in a soft feirce voice.
        Kiyone reached down to her ankle and pulled a small blaster from a
holster on her
leg. She stood and started in the direction the man was going. Hiro put a
hand out and
stopped her.
        “They’ll be fine.” he said as he tossed a peanut that bounced off
Ryoko’s head. She
turned around and threw him an annoyed look, and saw his grim exprestion.
He nodded at
the aproching man and frowned.
        She took the hint.
        “Hey, Mom! Why don’t you let someone else beat Tenchi for a change!”
        “Like who?” she asked, “I’m the greatest dart playing little genius
in
the universe!”
        “Oh, I don’t know... how about,” she spun around just as the man in
the
trench
coat was reaching for Ayeka and grabbed his arm. She yanked him in front
of her and
peaked around his face, which wore a very suprised exprestion, “this
guy!”
        “Who’s he?” Tenchi asked.
        “Hell if I know! Go ahead mister! Beat Tenchi in a game of darts and
I
might give
you a kiss!” she shoved him forward.
        “I don’t know if I can play...” the man stammered out.
        “Sure you can! Mom, give him the darts!”
        Washu shrugged and handed the man the darts. He looked at them
dumbly.
        “You throw them at that board and try to get in the middle.” Ayeka
prompted him.
        The man’s face seemed to light up quickly and he smiled. He tossed
the
darts in
rapid succestion and hit a bulls eye each time. Five darts, five bulls
eyes. He grined a little
wider and stepped back to admire with handy work.
        “That was fun!” he said turning to Ryoko, “Can I play again?”
        “I don’t see why not, but it’s Tenchi’s turn now. Gee Tenchi, that’s
a
hard order to
messure up to. Think you can do it?” Ryoko had noticed the hand blaster
when the man
had been throwing the darts, and she smiled at him pleasently.
        “I don’t think so. I forfit.” Tenchi scratched his head. How had
someone
who had
obviously never played darts before get five bulls eyes at once? There
was something
wrong here, and Ryoko was trying to tell them that.
        “Great! I win already!” the man turned to Ryoko and smiled, “How
about
that
kiss, babe?” Ryoko slugged him in the mouth, and he flew back a few feet
before hitting
the ground.
        “Some kiss...” he mummbled as everyone stared in shock.
        “Ryoko, why exactly did you just hit this guy?” Washu asked her
daughter.
        “Becasue he’s KalMor trash, and deserves to be slugged.” Hiro said
as he
and the
two GP woman walked up.
        “KalMor? I thought we got rid of them!” Tenchi exclaimed.
        “Just the forces they had here.” Kiyone explained, “They’re a big
orginization from
all reports, galaxy wide.” she shook her head, “And man, did you come to
the wrong place
tonight...” she said to the man on the floor.
        “Not really...” he stood up and brushed his coat off, “I acually
came to
warn you.”
        “Warn us?” Ryoko grabbed him by the front of his shirt and lifted
him
off the
ground, “What the hell are you talking about?”
        “Please... put me down Ryoko!” he asked in a pleading voice.
        She set him down and he seemed to look a bit less pale then he had
just
been, “I
came to tell you that you pissed off a bunch of the high-ups in the
KalMor, and they’re
comming after you guys now with full steam. Mag was important to the
KalMor
opperations, and you guys knocked him off,” he paused for a moment before
looking
Ryoko in the eye, “And that puts you at the top of the hit list.”
        “What ever. Let’s burn him.” Ryoko let a globe of energy form in one
hand.
        Kiyone heard Mihoshi gasp suddenly and then the blonde flew past her
and
interposed herself between the man and Ryoko. The space pirate looked
annoyed, “Get
out of the way Mihoshi! This will only take me a minute.”
        “No! Don’t hurt him!” Mihoshi yelled.
        “What?” Kiyone almost fell over. After what the KalMor had done to
her?
What
was going on? She looked more carefully at the man....
        “Brice?” she breathed. He looked over at her and nodded. How had she
missed it?
Mihoshi had picked up on it quick enough.
        The blond turned and threw her arms around Brice’s neck with a
giggle
and
jumped up and wraped her legs around his waist. He hugged her back and
they kissed.
        Ryoko’s ball of energy faded away. Hiro’s mouth fell open and Ayeka
and
Tenchi
looked at eachother, scratching their heads. Washu tried as best she
could to rationalize
what was happening.
        “Just what the hell is going on here?” Ryoko finnally spit out.
        Brice and Mihoshi continued to kiss, so Kiyone spoke up, “Brice is
an
old friend.
When Mihoshi and I were in the acadamy together, he would give us leads
on crimes
around the city, we’d go bust ‘em, and get lots of brownie points back at
HQ. That’s how
we both acually got promoted so fast.”
        “Looks to me like he’s more then just a friend...” Washu commented.
        “Well....” Kiyone grinned and looked at the floor, “He and Mihoshi
are a
bit more
then ‘just friends’ but I have nothing to do with that. In fact, I
discoraged the
relationship...” she looked back up suddenly, “Hey! I discoraged the
relationship!” she ran
forward and yanked her command off of Brice. She promptly pounded her
fists into his
chest and he backed away from her.
        “How could you do this to me!” she yelled at him, “We were just
starting
to have a
normal carrear out here, maybe even with chace for promotion, when you
have to come
and bring all your trouble again!”
        “Hey, I’m just looking out for the woman I love...”
        “Love! Whatever! You know exactly what you want from her, and it’s
not
love!”
        “Hey! Watch it! You don’t know how I feel, Kiyone!”
        “I know that you’re KalMor shit now! What the hell are you
thinking?”
        “I heard in a few circles that the KalMor was going to start hiering
hit
men to
come to earth and take you guys out! When I saw Mihoshi and your pictures
on a rouster
for the hits, I joined up and came here as soon as I could to warn you!
That’s it! I cared
and I came to warn you! Is there anything criminal about that? Are you
gonna’ arrest me
again?”
        “You deserved that!”
        “I spent three years in jail for stealing money from another theif!”
        “So? You broke the law...”
        “Shut up!”
        “You shut up!”
        “HEY!!!!!” Hiro shoved the two apart. People all around the bar were
staring at
them, “Can we go some place a bit more private to discuse this?” he
asked.
        “Uh... yeah...” Kiyone turned a bright shade of red.

        20 minutes latter, they all sat around the living room of the new
Mio/Kio place. It
was rather large, with a big living area, two bedrooms, a full kitchen,
and two bath rooms.
Kiyone sat at the computer she had set up in the corner of the living
room, going through
criminal profiles.
        “Any more?” she asked Brice.
        “Uh.... Tegmur Halifire? I think he said something about getting a
wad
of cash
from the KalMor...”
        Kiyone’s fingers flew across the keys, “Class C criminal. 34 kills.
He’s
a tough son
of a bitch. Did 23 years for murder of a GP officer before escaping.”
        “The space pirate Ojo is probobly gonna’ come too, but I don’t know
about him.
        “He’s class B. World destroyer. He blew up a planet in the Devlar
system.”
        “So?” Ryoko said as she leaned back over the edge of the sofa and
looked
at the
two upside down, “I blew up three planets in that system.”
        “Yeah, but you go off by being imprisoned in a cave for 700 years.”
Mihoshi
reminded her.
        “Oh yeah...” Ryoko sat up, “All this collage must be getting to me.”
        “Then that’s it.” Tenchi stood up, “Hiro, tomarow we have to start
training again.”
        “Right.” he nodded.
        “What about us?” Ryoko looked at them, “What are we gonna’ do?”
        “Train if you want to. Other wise we wait. We need to be ready for
any
threats
that may arise.” Tenchi replied. He turned to the short red headed
scientist, “Washu, can
you conact Dad and Grandpa to tell them what’s going on? I want Sasami to
know too.”
        “I’ll do it as soon as I get home.” she said.
        “Alright then.” Hiro stood, “I’m going home to sleep. It’s been a
long
day and I
have class tomarow.”
        “I’ll go with you.” Tenchi said, “We should get up at about six in
the
morning or
so to train before class.”
        “Right. We’ll see all of you latter then.” Hiro gave Ryoko a deep
kiss,
and Tenchi
did the same with Ayeka. The two of them waved and Hiro grabbed Tenchi’s
arm. They
vanished with a whoosh.
        “We should get back too.” Ayeka said to Ryoko.
        “Yeah...” the space pirate stood and waved, “See ya!” she and Ayeka
faded out of
exictence.
        “I guess you’ll want to stay here tonight?” Kiyone asked Brice.
        “I wasn’t going to ask, but since you’ve sugested it....”
        “I shouldn’t have opened my mouth....” Kiyone sighed and Mihoshi
giggled.

        Kiyone walked down the hall to the living area the next morning.
Mihoshi
and
Brice had stayed up long into the night, catching up on their lives and
doing some.... other
stuff as well. The GP Captain really didn’t want to think about that.
        When she got to the living area, she stopped and stared at what she
saw.
Washu
sat at her computer, downloading something. Kiyone walked over and peered
over her
shoulder.
        “Hey!” she shouted and dragged Washu away from the screen, “Those
are
classified GP files!”
        “You never shut down the system last night, so I just assumed you
wouldn’t mind
me taking a look...” the scientist replied with an inocent smile.
        “I forgot you were even here!” Kiyone growled and lifted her off the
ground by the
front of her shirt, “Don’t you have a class to teach or something?”
        “Acually, I do. Hiro’s Dynamics of Space Flight class acually. I
should
be getting
there soon, and I still have to freshen up before I go...”
        “So why don’t you go?” Kiyone was gritting her teeth.
        “Very well...” Washu waved a hand and a portal opened not too far
away.
Kiyone
tossed her through it, and stormed over to her computer. She disconected
the device that
Washu had been using to store the information she’d been downloading, and
looked at it.
        “Oh, why the hell not? It’s not like she’s gonna’ use it against the
GP...” Kiyone
mummbled to herself. She tossed the device through the portal just as it
was closing.
        “Thanks!” she heard Washu’s distant voice say.
        “Welcome...” Kiyone walked into the kitchen and started to make
coffee.
It would
be another long day of looking for a new job. So far Mihoshi had gotten
them fiered from
all the places that had sought employment, and it was starting to get
redundant.
        “Maybe we should go into some kind of a self employment buisness.”
she
mused
aloud.
        “That’s not a bad idea.” Brice said from behind her.
        Kiyone whirled about, “I didn’t ask your oppinion.” she spat at him
with
a venom
filled look.
        “Hey! I was just saying...” he opened a drawer, “Now where do you
keep
your
seasonings?”
        “Huh?” she looked at him funny, “Why do you want our seasonings?”
        “Because I know you. You’d still keep all those weird seasonings
that
you always
liked back at the accadamy with you somewhere in here, and I intend to
make you some of
that tea that you always loved so much.” Brice smiled at her.
        “You never did give me the recipe for that stuff...” she smiled
back.
        “It’s a family secret.” he winked.
        “There, in that one.” she pointed to a drawer, “And make it quick.”
she
grinned ear
to ear. It felt like she was back in the accadamy. Mihoshi still being
her bumbeling blond
self, always getting into trouble and she and Brice always getting her
out again. Just like
old times...
        “So do you know of any good self employment plans in town here?”
Brice
asked
her as she sat down at the table.
        “No, not really. I was just saying that because we keep getting
fiered
and we
wouldn’t if we worked for out selfs.” Kiyone shugged.
        “What about if you went into buisness as private investigators?”
        “Huh?” the thought had never occured to Kiyone before. PIs? They
were GP
though, and PIs were not police... Still, earth natives weren’t under GP
laws and
regulations.
        “I don’t know...” the teal haired woman stretched, “I’ll look into
that
today
though. Will you and Mihoshi be able to keep out of trouble while I’m
gone?”
        “Oh, I think I can keep her busy...” Brice smiled and handed Kiyone
a
cup of tea.
        “Just like old times...” Kiyone said.
        “Just like old times...” Brice echoed.

        “Hiro?” Washu’s voice pirced through the cloud that had hazed his
mind
for the
moment. He stood up quickly.
        “Yes Miss Washu?” he asked in a very formal voice. They had decided
that, at
least in class, they would be formal and act as if they didn’t know each
other.
        “I asked a question, Hiro. What is the ansawer?” Washu stared at him
with a hard
gaze.
        “I must apoligize Miss Washu... I let my mind wander for a moment.”
the
class
giggled. Washu rapped her knuckles against the black board and they
quieted down.
        “The equation is up here, Hiro. Come figure it out while the rest of
the
class
follows your reasonings.” she pointed to the board and Hiro examined the
equation as he
walked forward. It involved the propulstion and speed control of a space
craft traveling
from the Earth to Jupiter. He lifted the chalk and began to talk his way
through the
equation as the rest of the class listened intently.
        “And then all you have to do is move from point E to point J with
the
equation
here as your thrust and the equation here as your directional
navigation.” he concluded
and underlined the equations as he said them.
        “But that’s imposibal!” a student called from the back of the room.
        Hiro frowned and looked over the equation again. No, he was sure he
was
right.
He turned back to the other student, “Can you show me where I messed up?”
he asked.
        “At the part where you’re moving from one point to the next in under
a
minute!”
the student called back, “You would have to be traveling at over the
speed of light to do
that!”
        “He’s right you know.” Washu said. Hiro turned to her and frowned.
He
was right.
How could she not back him up? She contined, “That sort of a jump would
be a waste of
fule for so short a distence. You could just engage the engines and fly
there at the normal
rate and get there with more fule.
        “I supose so, but I thought we were going for as quick as possibal.”
        “Well, that is the fastest way, but the discustion was about the
most
fule efficent
way. You’d have known that if you were paying atention.” Washu said
pointedly.
        “Sorry, I have a lot on my mind right now.” Hiro looked down at the
ground.
        “Excuse me Miss Washu,” a girl in the front raised her hand, “But
what
are you
talking about?”
        “Hiro demenstrated a sub-space jump from point E to point J. That
was
not the
most fule efficent way to do so.” the diminutive proffeser replied.
        “But moving from one point to another almost instently?” she asked
scepticly.
        “You just have to bend space to move the points closer together.
That
can be done
easily in sub-space.” Washu said with an annoyed edge to her voice.
        “But that’s immposibal! It’s like saying that you can life that lab
table in front of
you with one hand and hold it above your head!” the student who had fist
questioned Hiro
called from the back.
        “Like this?” Hiro asked as he lifted the empty lab table and held it
above his head.
The class gasped.
        “Yeah...” the student in the back said meekly, “Kind of like
that...”
        “Listen people...” Washu said as she waved at Hiro to go sit down,
“If
there’s one
thing you learn in this class, make sure that it’s nothing is immposibal.
Just improbobal. I
didn’t think it was too hot an idea when I first heard it either, but I
learned the logic and
the eqution.” she lifted the text book from her podeum with a crab logo
on the front of it,
“Hiro read ahead into the ‘Sub-space Dynamics’ chapter of the text. We
should apluad
him for his commitment.” she clapped, and the rest of the class joined
her for a few
moments. Hiro put the table down and went back to his seat.
        “Now then, Ujimoro? Would you care to demensrtate the most fule
efficent
equation for us on the board?” the student gulped.


        Early the next morning, a gental shaking woke Tenchi. He looked up
and
let his
eyes adjust and focus in the still darkened room. He saw Hiro’s face.
        “Time to get up.” he said and walked over to his dresser. He pulled
out
a pair of
shorts, a t-shirt, and his wooden practice sword that Yoshu had given
him. By the time he
was dressed and ready to go train, Tenchi was pulling on his shirt.
        “Should we go through the Kata’s again?” Tenchi asked as they
decended
the
steps from their second floor room.
        “For a warm up. I want to get into some acually combat training
though.
You
wont always be able to use a ruontine against an opponet. Especially
hiered assasins....”
Hiro replied.
        They got down to the court yard of their dorm hall, and started to
go
through a
kata to warm up. After fifteen or so minutes they were ready.
        “Area?” Tenchi asked.
        Hiro looked around. They stood in the court yard, which was
surrounded
by a side
walk. It conisted of an open grassy feild, two trees at either end, a
small fountin in the
middle, and four tables for eating out side, two on either side of the
fountin. “The side
walk in the boundery. We fight until one says halt.”
        “Good.” Tenchi agreed. He took up a fighting stance. Hiro assumed
one
himself.
They stared at each other for a solid minute, then they flew into a
flurry of action. The
swords crossed at a blinding rate, and they jumped and ran all over the
court yard, ending
up next to one of the tables.
        Tenchi swung low and aimed a shot for Hiro’s side. The other young
man
jumped
up into the air and did a full flip with a half twist to end up on the
other side of his
opponet. Tenchi saw the move comming and turned with his sword extended.
Hiro landed
and said, “Halt!” he looked down at where Tenchi’s sword was right under
his left arm.
Both of his arms were up ready for a downward slice, and he was satisfied
that Tenchi’s
blow would have killed him.
        “Good move, but you were too slow.” Tenchi said.
        “Right. If I’d been using my gem’s power, I probobly could have done
that faster.”
Hiro thought for a moment, then added, “Of corse, if I’d used my gems
power I could
have teleported behind you faster then that as well....”
        “Why aren’t you?” Tenchi asked, somewhat pruturbed that his friend
wasn’t trying
as hard as he could.
        “Because that would make the battle unfair.” Hiro said, and noted
the
look on
Tenchi’s face, “Sorry, not like that. If you were to trasform into your
battle gear and
power up then I’m sure you’d be more then a match for me, especially with
the Light
Hawk Wings. But for now, we have to remain low profile. We’ll practice
harder when we
get home for a while, but for now, let’s just keep this up.”
        “Alright.” Tenchi smiled. Hiro thought he was a good fighter, and
that
was enough
for him. They assumed fighting stances again.
        Hiro flashed in with lightning speed, and the swords crossed. The
two
began their
dance of cuts and slashes all over as they bounced across the court yard.
Several people
had by now heard the comotion and opened windows to look down at the two
combatents. Some were even comming out and standing around the side walk
as they
watched. Tenchi and Hiro were oblivious to them.
        They stood in an open area of the grassy feild, exchanging blows and
blocks. Hiro
drove in low and Tenchi deflected the jab. He returned with one of his
own, aimed to hit
Hiro in the back of the neck, but it too was blockd by a spining slash.
Hiro continued his
spinning motion, but reversed direction suddenly, making a slashing
motion across
Tenchi’s mid-section. Tenchi called for a halt.
        “Would I be able to fight any more?” he asked.
        “Probobly not. That blow from me would have cut you in half.”
        “Right. You win that round then. Should we go for best of three?”
        “I don’t see why not...” Hiro stood and stepped back. They assumed
fighting
positions again but both stopped and looked around, “Uh... when did we
get an
audience?” Hiro asked.
        There was almost fourty students standing around the court yard now,
all
wispering back and forth and some even making bets. Tenchi shifted where
he stood and
lowered his sword a bit, “Should we keep going?” he wispered.
        “Might as well. Let’s just give them a bit of a show.” Hiro smiled,
“Are
you ready?
I’m going all out this time.”
        “No flying, and no energy blasts.”
        “Fine. You just try to keep up, and dodge when you can.”
        Tenchi knew his friend would be swinging as hard as he could, which
meant hard
enough to brake bones with a single blow. He gulped but set himself to
the task at hand.
All he had to do was beat Hiro.
        They started quickly. Tenchi found it increasingly harder to keep up
with Hiro’s
rapid movements. He jumped back and sought his center of calm. As Hiro
barreled in once
again, he had found it, and the fighting came more smoothly. Things
seemed to slow down
and fade out. The only thing he could see or care about was Hiro and
Hiro’s sword. He
concentrated on the weapon, looking to disarm if he could.
        Hiro left him no openings. He’d grow to be quite good since Ryoko
had
started
training him, and he could beat her hands down in a sword fight. Her
supirior speed and
knowlage of how her abilities worked were what saved her every time they
spared. Now
Tenchi was finding it dificult to gain any ground against his opponet.
Hiro was just too
fast to slip by. Tenchi needed to go on the offensive if he was going to
win.
        He did just that as soon as Hiro let him. Then it was Hiro who was
back
pealing.
He could still keep up with Tenchi’s blows, but the Jurian prince wasn’t
letting him gain
the advantage again. He had to try something despearate just to end the
fight.
        Hiro fell sudenly and spun with his leg out. He tripped Tenchi and
rolled and
lunged all at the same time. Ending up on Tenchi’s left, he quickly
brought his sword
down and Tenchi, laying on his back, brough his up to block it. They
stayed like that for a
few seconds, Hiro pushing down on Tenchi’s sword, and Tenchi losing inch
after inch to
his friends great strength. He lashed out with a foot and a growl and
scored a solid hit in
Hiro’s gut, sending the shocked young man tumbeling a few feet away.
        Not waiting even a second, Tenchi rolled backwards and spun around,
“Halt!” he
yelled in unison with Hiro, who had also extended his sword out. They
looked at each
other. Standing as they were with Hiro’s sword against Tenchi’s neck, and
Tenchi’s sword
against Hiro’s chest, they made a rather comic duo. They broke down
laughing a moment
latter.
        “Who won?” Hiro asked through fits of laughter.
        “I think we both did...” Tenchi replied. The bet placing on lookers
were
disapointed, but still excited about the finish to the fight. Tenchi and
Hiro waved to them
and started back to their dorm room.
        “You think they’ll come out every morning?” Hiro asked.
        “Probobly now that they know we’re out there, yeah.” Tenchi replied.
        “Oh well. We’ll just have to train harder then.”
        “Why?”
        “So we can put on a good show!” Hiro exclaimed with the same gleam
in
his eye
that he had when he was setting up the stage show for their short lived
band.
        “Oh no....” Tenchi shook his head as they entered their room.


        Sasami stared out the window of her class room. The teacher was
droning
on
endlessly about some concept or another that the Jurian princess had
learned about from
her tutor on Juri a few hundred years before. Why had Yosho insisted that
she start going
to school any way? She already knew every thing that they taught on this
back water
planet, and it seemed like a waste of time.
        The trees out side were starting to drop their leaves, and the
bright
fall colors
captivated Sasami compleatly. She only looked up when there was a
pounding on her
desk.
        Her teacher stood before her with an angry look on his face. She
smiled
timidly
and pulled at her collor. The whole class was looking at her.
        “Miss Masaki. Maybe you could tell us what is so interesting out
side
that you feel
the need to compleatly ignore the lesson?”
        “Uh...” Sasami looked down at her desk, “Nothing Sir...”
        “Then maybe you could give the ansawer to the equation on the
board?”
        Sasami looked up at the board and frowned briefly. She did some
quickl
figuring in
her head, “23,438 kilograms.” she said after a moment.
        Her teacher blinked, then walked over and checked his book, “That’s
exactly
right.” he said with a sigh and shook his head, “You’re just like your
brother Tenchi.
Always letting your attention wander, but such a bright student. Ah
well,” he sighed, “Just
try to pay attention to the lesson Miss Masaki?”
        “Yes Sir.” she said and sat attentivly through the rest of the
lesson.

        “Hey Sasami! Wait up!” the princess turned to see a girl running up
to
her. It was
Kitty, one of the girls in her math class.
        “Hello Kitty.” Sasami said as her class mate jogged up. She wondered
briefly why
the girl was called Kitty. That wasn’t her real name, Sasami knew that,
but she had no idea
why someone would want to be called Kitty.
        “What are you doing after school?” Kitty asked, slightly out of
breath
from her
jog.
        “I’m going home. I have chores to do and home work.” the princess
replied.
        “Oh... I was hoping you’d have some free time...” Kitty looked
disapointed.
        “I might,” Sasami perked up. Did some one want to acually be her
friend?
She
hadn’t really made any friends since she’d started comming to school, and
she would be
happy to acually have one, “What did you want to do?”
        “Acually, I really suck at math, and I was hoping you might be able
to
help me out
a little?” Kitty asked.
        “Sure!” Sasami said, but then her face fell, “But I do have to go
home
tonight...”
        “Could I come with you? I’m sure my Father wouldn’t mind comming to
pick
me
up after we were done...”
        “You think so? We live kinda’ far out...”
        “That’s okay. I’d like to see the Masaki shrine any way.”
        “You know about the shrine?” Sasami asked.
        “Yeah! Everyone does! You must love living out there...”
        “It is quite wonderful.” Sasami agreed.
        The two girls walked to their next class, chatting about the shrine,
the
area around
it, and the old man that mantained it.

        Yosho stood up from his meditation and looked out the doors of the
shrine. The
steps needed sweeping again. Without Tenchi around to keep up the
cleaning chores, he
was finding it hard to do everything he used to.
        Picking up the broom, he walked out and began to sweep the leaves
and
the dirt
from the steps of the shrine. It was a brisk day, but the sun was
shining, so it made for a
pleasent afternoon. Yosho was nearing compleation of the steps when he
heard foot steps
running up the steps and girlish laughter. Sasami had brought a friend
home.
        The two girl came up the steps and Sasami called out to him,
“Grandfather! I
brought a friend home! This is Kitty.”
        “How do you do?” Kitty asked as she cursied.
        “I am doing fine.” Yosho responded. He smiled warmly at the girls
and
continued
sweeping the steps.
        “We’re gonna’ play around here for a while, is that okay
Grandfather?”
Sasami
asked him.
        “As long as you don’t go near the cave.” he replied.
        “What cave? Oh, that one.” Sasami smiled back, “Don’t worry, I
wouldn’t
go over
there at all.”
        “That’s a good girl.” Yosho patted her on the head. She giggled and
she
and Kitty
dashed off to play in the temple court yard.

        “Hey Sasami!” Kitty called to her, “What’s down there?”
        “Where?” Sasami walked over and saw where Kitty was, “Oh, that’s the
cave. We
shouldn’t play around there...”
        “Why not?” Kitty asked.
        “Because there’s a deamon that lives in there!” Sasami said, putting
on
her best
frightened act. Ryoko wasn’t that bad, but they didn’t want Kitty going
and finding out
that the deamon had escaped.
        “Aw, there’s no such thing.” Kitty responded and walked into the
cave.
        “Kitty! Come out of there!” Sasami rushed after her. The princess
walked
down
the shaft for a long ways before she came to the chamber where Ryoko had
been
imprisoned. Kitty stood staring at the empty tomb.
        “It looks like someone already came in here and looted the place...”
she
said.
        “No, no one looted it.” Sasami said in a frightened voice.
        “What do you mean?” Kitty asked turning to face Sasami.
        “The deamon must have escaped!” the princess was looking really
scared
now, and
it was starting to make Kitty a little frightened as well.
        “But... there’s no such thing as deamons. Is there?”
        “You bet there is! Belive me! My Grandfather is a Shinto priest and
he’s
seen
them! He told me that Ryoko was a really hard deamon to catch too!”
Sasami said without
thinking about it.
        “Ryoko?” Kitty asked.
        “Uh...” Sasami saw her error and tried to cover it up, “That was the
name of the
deamon that was imprisoned here... the stories said that it was really
hard to catch...”
        “So where would it be now?” Kitty asked.
        “I don’t know, but I think we should get out of here!” Sasami said.
        “But this is so cool!” Kitty complained.
        “No, this is creepy...” Sasami started to back up but stopped when
she
ran into
something, or more exactly, someone....
        “Kitty...” she wispered in a frightened tone, “Who’s behind me?”
        Kitty looked over and saw a dark form behind Sasami. It loomed
forward
and the
young girl saw that it was a beutiful woman with cat-like eyes and wild
blue hair.
        “I don’t know...” Kitty wispered back.
        Suddenly the woman bellowed out, “I am Ryoko! The anciant deamon
that
was
imprisoned here! I will make you all pay for what you did to me!”
        Sasami jumped forward and Kitty fell over backwards screaming. The
princess
turned around and jumped into Ryoko’s arms, “Ryoko! You’re back!” she
said with glee.
        “Uh... yeah... and I’m a killer deamon...” Ryoko said.
        “Oh yeah....” Sasami backed away.
        “What’s going on here?” Kitty asked, “If this the deamon, then why
are
you so
happy to see her?”
        “Well, that’s a long story...” Sasami said...
        “I don’t think there ever was a deamon.” Kitty said, “I think you
and
this Ryoko
girl are just trying to scare me.”
        “Well, acually, I am a deamon.” Ryoko said as she lifted off the
ground
and started
flying, “I’m just not all that bad really.”
        “Wha... how can you do that?” Kitty wispered.
        Suddenly, Hiro appeared in the cave, “Ryoko! There you are! I’ve
been
looking all
over for you!”
        “Who’s he?” Kitty asked.
        “That’s Hiro. He’s Ryoko’s deamon boy friend.” Sasami said with a
sigh.
        “What is going on here?” Kitty scratched her head, “There’s two
deamons
now?”
        “Uh...” Hiro looked at Ryoko who shruged her shoulders, “What ever.
Come
on.
We haven’t even seen your mother yet.”
        The two of them vanished, and Kitty let out a small ‘eep!’
        “Let’s go see the rest of the family.” Sasami said as she helped her
slightly shaken
friend up from the ground, “I’ll explain on the way.”


        “So you’re Tenchi, the normal one who’s acually an alien.” Kitty
said
pointing to
Tenchi, who nodded, “You’re Ayeka, Sasami’s sister, you’re Ryoko the
space pirate,
you’re Hiro the geneticly altered normal guy, you’re Yosho the alien who
is the keeper of
the shrine, you’re Little Washu, the greatest scintific mind in the
universe, and you’re
Nobuyuki, Tenchi’s father.” she recived nods from all of them, “That’s
too weird.”
        “Kinda’ wild isn’t it?” Ryoko asked.
        “Myow!”
        “Oh! I almost forgot Ryo-Ohki!” Sasami said as the cabbit jumped
into
her arms.
        “How cute!” Kitty said, petting her.
        “Ryo-Ohki is a cabbit. That means she can turn into a space ship.”
Sasami said.
        “No way.”
        “Way!” Ryoko said and lifted the cabbit out of Sasami’s hands, “Miss
me
ya’
runt?”
        “Myia!” Ryo-Ohki responded, and hugged her mistress.
        “So when’s dinner gonna’ be ready?” Hiro asked, “I’m starved!”
        “As soon as I make it!” Sasami said in a cheery tone, “Come on
Kitty!
You can
help me and we’ll work on your math at the same time!”
        “Okay!” the two girls ran off into the kitchen followed by a meowing
Ryo-Ohki.
        “It’s good to see you back again.” Yosho said to the four collage
students and
Washu, “Even if it is only for two days. But where are the Galaxy
Police?”
        “They started a PI buisness, and they’re on a case.” Tenchi
responded.
        “A PI buisness?” Nobuyuki asked with a flare, “Where they get to
take
pictures of
hot woman having torrid afairs with out of wed lock?”
        Washu stomped on his foot.
        “Ow! I was just currious...” Ryoko, Ayeka, Tenchi, Hiro and Washu
all
face
faulted, while Yosho just shook his head.

           Diner was fantastic (as it always was) and eveyone had a good
time.
Just like old
times, Hiro and Ryoko argued through most of the meal, Tenchi and Ayeka
flirted a little,
Sasami made sure everyone stayed served (with help from Kitty) and Washu
engadged
Nobuyuki and Yosho in intellectually stimulating conversation. Nothing
had changed.
        After dinner, Sasami sat down with Kitty to hit the books on their
home
work.
Washu ran off to her lab to run a system check, and the two couples sat
together in the
living room, chatting with Nobuyuki about collage life.
        “You’re all doing well in your studies I trust? I’m not paying for
four
kids to go
through collage all at once for nothing you know...” Nobuyuki said.
        “We’re all doing fine.” Ayeka asured him.
        “I have a C+ in Washu’s class...” Hiro said glumly.
        “Good bye four point!” Ryoko said with a fair amount of compastion.
Hiro
smiled
at her.
        “It’s okay really,” he said, “Washu grades on a curve, and I have
the
highest grade
in the class!” they all had a good laugh at that.
        “Does it seem to any one else that we never left?” Tenchi asked.
        “It does feel that way...” Ayeka sat back and closed her eyes. Would
the
good
times ever stop?

        Kiyone stared through the telephoto lens of the video recorder she
had
brought
with her. The room she was looking at across the street from the building
she lay on top of
was in a penthouse suit. The lights were on and two people sat having
dinner inside.
        The sounds of Brice and Mihoshi making out AGAIN floated to her
ears.
*Don’t
those two ever stop?* she wondered to herself. They had been going at it
since they had
started servalience on top of this building. After three hours, it was
starting to get old.
        Kiyone sighed and looked down again. The woman now had her hand in
the
hand
of the man she was eating dinner with.
        “Come on.... doesn’t that bed look inviting?” Kiyone wispered to the
woman
across the street, “Just give up the goods honey.” The two got up and
moved to the bed,
“Yes!” Kiyone hissed, and zoomed a little more. She stayed on the couple
as they started
ripping on another’s clothes off.
        “What’s up?” she heard Brice ask.
        “They’re going for it!” Kiyone responded.
        “Great! Keep us informed!” sounds of lips smacking together resumed
and
Kiyone
sighed again.
        She listened to her friends kissing behind her, and watched a couple
having sex
before her. It was enough to make someone feel lonely. She wondered if
she’ ever find a
man. One who could care for her, and love her, and want her all at the
same time.
        A guy kinda’ like Hiro. Only not so... friendish...
        Kiyone sighed again and shook her head. She had enough footage now
to
start a
divorce process. Did she care that this would rip apart a marriage?
        “Not really...” she wispered and moved her hand up to stop the tape.
As
she did
so, she noticed that there were no more kissing sounds behind her. She
shut the tape off,
but acted like she was adjusting the zoom as she moved to a more
comfortable position.
She shifted her coat under her and reached inside as she did so, pulling
her GP issue
blaster out of it’s holster.
        In one fluid motion, she popped the tape out of the recorder, slid
it
into a pocket
as she rolled to one side, spun and made it to a croached position
pointing her blaster
where she knew Mihoshi and Brice were. They sat there, tied and gagged,
trying to free
themselfs. No sign of their attacker any where.
        A sudden movement off to her left made Kiyone lunge to one side. She
rolled and
came up fiering. A man dressed entierly in black dodged each shot and
pulled out a rather
sharp and mean looking metel sword. He lunged in and sliced Kiyone’s gun
in half.
        “Hey!” Kiyone yelled as she jumped away from another slash, “That
was my
best
gun!” she back flipped away and yanked a small disk from her pocket. The
sword came at
her again and again she ducked it. This time she slugged the assasin in
the gut as she dove
past him.
        He recovered quickly and pulled a smaller sword from out of no
where. It
slashed
across Kiyone’s back and she could feel the cut open up. She cried out as
her blood
sprayed across the roof top.
        Brice and Mihoshi pulled at their ropes but to no avail. As Kiyone
ran
past them,
Brice saw the assasin following with two swords now. He suddenly tugged
Mihoshi over
and they fell right into the man’s path, sending him sprawling to the
ground. He jumped up
and raised a sword above his head to finish off the helpless duo.
        A rope like cord wrapped around his wrist and he glaced over his
shoulder at
Kiyone, who held one end of a yo-yo contraption of some sort. She yanked
him to one
side and he stummbled, tripped and fell off the side of the roof. She was
pulled along with
him, but manadged to stop her self on the ledge sourounding the edge.
        “Who are you and what do you want?” she yelled down at the hanging
man.
        “The Al-Kalim send their regards!” he yelled back and pointed a
blaster
up at her.
Kiyone jumped back as blaster fire demolished the ledge she was braced
against. The
man’s weight dragger her forward and she flew off the edge with him. Her
hand shot out
and grabbed the edge just in time.
        “Ha! You’re mine!” the assasin yelled and pointed the blaster at her
point blank.
Kiyone let go of her yo-yo device.
        He fell screaming fifteen floors to the pavement below.
        “Damn.” Kiyone wispered and put her other hand on the roof. It took
her
a
minute, but she managed to pull herself up.
        “How in the world did he tie up BOTH of you without making any
noise?”
Kiyone
asked her friends as she pulled their gags off and cut the ropes with one
of the assassin’s
swords.
        “These.” Brice said picking up a small silver object off the roof.
There
were four of
them surounding him and Mihoshi.
        “Noise dampening feild generators,” Kiyone wistled, “That guy was a
pro.”
        “Yeah, he WAS...” Mihoshi said, “But you dropped him off the
building.”
        “I know that Mihoshi.” Kiyone said in an annoyed voice.
        “Oh...” Mihoshi looked as if she just relsised that Kiyone knew that
she
had
dropped the assasin off the building. Kiyone wondered if the detective
just got stupider
every day, or if Brice was having adverse effects on her brain.
        “We should tell Tenchi.” Kiyone said. Brice nodded, and Mihoshi
agreed.
        “Did you get the tape?” Brice asked suddenly.
        Kiyone patter her pocket and smiled.
        “That’s money in our pockets!” Mihoshi said happily.
        Kiyone glanced over across the street and saw the two lovers staring
right at them,
“Oh shit! Let’s beat it!” she yelled and they all dashed for the door
back down into the
building.

        Tenchi sat in his painting class and thought about what Kiyone had
told
him the
night before. The KalMor were finally showing their ugly faces, and he
didn’t know if he
was ready yet. Could he stand up to space pirates and assasins? Were all
space pirates as
powerful as Ryoko?
        “Today class,” the teacher said, “we will be painting a nude from a
modal. Any one
want to modal?” Tenchi looked around and saw two hands in the air. One
belonged to a
girl everyone called Lilly (or Loose Lilly if you were talking to the
soccer team...) and the
other was no suprise at all. Ryoko waved her hand like a little girl in
grade school.
        Painting was the only class Tenchi shared with Ryoko, and he enjoyed
it
quite a
bit. He was a good painter, and had found that she was as well. They
talked and helped
one another, and offered pointers on each others work. It made Tenchi
smile to think that
could still be good friends with a woman he loved so much. Ayeka was his
world now, but
the memory and longing for Ryoko still remained. He sat and stared at her
some times,
wondering what things would be like if he had ended up with Ryoko instead
of Ayeka....
        “Well, you two girls seem to be egar to undress for us!” the teacher
was
saying.
        “And why not?” Lilly asked with a florish, “I do have the best body
in
class! I am
the perfect female form!”
        “Yeah,” Ryoko commented, “If by perfect you mean thin as a twig and
flat
as a
pancake...”
        “What did you just say?” Lilly turned on her quickly and got right
up in
her face.
        “Nothing!” Ryoko said with a grin, “I was just saying that I think
that
Mr.
Ukijonmo would like us to get a little more practice with curves in the
female form...”
Lilly’s face turned red and her hands started to shake, “Of corse,” Ryoko
smirked, “You
might be a good model for that below your waist...”
        “And what is that supposed to mean?” Lilly demanded.
        “Girls...” the Mr. Ukijonmo said nervously.
        “That you have no boobs and fat ass!” Ryoko yelled back at Lilly.
        Tenchi smaked his head.
        “You little bitch! You wanna’ fight about it?” Lilly screamed back,
jumping up and
taking a fighting pose.
        “Sure, if that’s the way you want to do it!” Ryoko jumped up as
well,
standing a
full three inches taller then the other girl.
        “Ladies!” Mr. Ukijonmo started to push them apart, but Ryoko shoved
him
back.
He flew off the ground and across the room before landing with a thud.
Tenchi jumped up
as Lilly backed away from Ryoko, seeing how strong she was.
        “Ryoko!” Tenchi said grabbing her arm. She turned around and smiled
at
him.
        “You think I’d make a better model, don’t you Tenchi?”
        Now why did that voice sound so familure? Tenchi looked about. Lilly
was
staring
at him with her arms folded across her chest, and the whole class sat
forward, egerly
awaiting his responce.
        “Well... uh... that is...” Tenchi looked down at his feet. They were
suddenly very
interesting...
        “Tenchi?” Ryoko asked expectently.
        “Well, I guess since I’ve painted you before, and I know your form a
little better,
I’d say you’d make the better modal for me, but Lilly would be a nice
change...”
        “See, Tenchi said he would rather have me pose.” Ryoko said as if
that
settled
everything.
        “Tenchi is not the whole class!” Lilly squealed, “What does everyone
else want?”
        Most people pointed to Ryoko, and Lilly looked crest fallen. Ryoko
patted her on
the back, “Better luck next time babe.”
        Lilly punched her in the face. Ryoko stubled back and rubed her jaw,
“You’ll pay
for that, slut.” she said, hauling back her fist to return the blow.
Lilly struck out with her
nails and clawed at Ryoko’s face.
        The space pirate jumped back, and looked annoyed. Tenchi tried to
grab
her so
that she wouldn’t hurt the other girl, but Ryoko was too fast. She flew
forward faster then
anyone’s eyes could follow, and punched Lilly in the gut. The poor young
woman flew
back across the room and slammed into the wall. She crumpled to the floor
and moaned in
pain. Tenchi stood back and sighed.
        “What’s your probolom?” Ryoko asked turning to him, “She hit me
first...”
        “Yeah, but you’re way to strong and way to good a fighter for her to
even have a
chance. Attacking weaker oponets only makes you crule and inhuman.” he
shook his head,
“I thought better of you Ryoko.”
        “Sorry...” How could he make her feel so bad? The girl had been
asking
for it. So
why did Ryoko regret hitting her now?
        “Let’s go. You’ve had enough of this for one day.” Tenchi said.
        “But class isn’t even half over yet!” Ryoko complained.
        “No it’s not. You’ve also knocked out the instructor, and one of the
students, so I
guess we’ll just have to wait until Thursday to do our nudes.” Tenchi
replied, and yanked
her out of the room.

        Hiro sat in the lab of one of the science halls. He was officially
singed in as being
supervised by Washu, but she had left to her sub space domain almost an
hour earlier. She
trusted him to get his work done.
        He was so behind on labs... working late into the night had become a
habbit for
him. He sat back while two of the chemicals he was mixing reacted. He
made notes while
he reflected on a conversation he’d had with Ryoko earlier that night
over the phone.

        “Hey Hiro!”
        “Hey babe. What’s up?”
        “Just wanted to know if you’d like to join me for dinner and a movie
tonight!”
        “I’m sorry Ryoko, but I have to do a lab tonight. It’s gonna’ take a
while.”
        “You do labs every night!”
        “I have lot’s of labs to do! For all my classes! I have a hard
major. We
discused
this before we even came here!”
        “I know, but still. I haven’t even seen you since we were home!”
        “I’m sorry...”
        “Yeah, you’re always sorry.”
        “What’s with you?”
        “I never see you any more! I feel like I’m second to your work!”
        “You’re not, Ryoko.”
        “I’ve had this feeling before you know. I know what it’s like.”
        “What? How?”
        “First it’s just that you’re too busy to see me, then to talk to me,
then you just
want to use me for a test subject now and then. I don’t want to become a
speciman for
you!”
        “Who made you a speciman? Who could have possibally ignored you and
let
their
work do that to them?”
        “Mom.”
        Hiro was silent. He churned that thought over in his head.
        “I have to go.”
        “Okay. I love you.”
        “I know.”
        Hiro was silent again.
        “See ya.”
        “Bye.”

        That had been it. He sighed as he set down his pad of paper and pen
and
sighed.
He was destroying his relationship with Ryoko. Did she even love him any
more? They
had been fighting so much more again lately. Maybe it was time to take a
break for a
while. See other people or something....
        The chemicals suddenly bubbled up and boiled over. The beaker they
were
in
shattered. Hiro cursed and shut off the heat to it and looked at the
mess.
        “Damnit!” he yelled and pounded a fist into the lab desk top. It
caved
in and left an
imprint of his hand.
        “Hiro Yehmi?” asked a monotone voice from behind him.
        He turned as he said, “Yeah, that’s me.” when he looked at his
adresser
however,
he froze. It was a droid. It stood with several lazer cannons and
disrupters aimed at him.
        “The KalMor has ordered your death. We are here to make sure that
order
is
carried out. Prepare to die.” the cold robotic voice almost seemed evil.
Hiro teleported
above it as it blasted apart the room he had just been in.
        One swipe from his energy sword and the thing was scrap, “Well that
wasn’t too
hard.” he said as he turned around. Six more droids filled the hall way,
“Uh... hi!” Hiro
said, and teleported again, up to the next floor. More droids. He
teleported outside. More.
        He teleported back in. Now he was pissed. He appeared in the middle
of
the six in
the hall way by the lab he had been in, and started slashing around with
his sword. He
teleported again as they turned and fiered, blasting one another apart.
Several more started
filing down the steps and comming out of the elevators.
        Hiro powered up a ball of energy, “You robo-fucks are gonna’ with
you
hadn’t
messed with me!” he yelled as he hurled it into one of the droids. It was
blasted apart, and
several more were destroyed right after by more energy blasts.
        Hiro screamed and charged the droid horde as his sword reappeared.
He
would
show these things who was boss...

        Ryoko yawned as she and Tenchi sat in the library. It was late, and
she
was bored.
        “You just about done there, Tench? I want to get out and see a movie
yet
tonight...”
        “We have class in the morning Ryoko.”
        “So? Don’t turn into Hiro on me.”
        “What?” Tenchi looked up from the book he was reading.
        “Hiro is too busy with his work all the time to see me.” Ryoko waved
her
hand at
him, “Don’t worry about it. I think we might be falling apart, but it was
bound to happen
sooner or latter.”
        “Ryoko, I...” Tenchi shut his mouth. He would respect her wishes and
not
press
the matter. Not now any way.
        “So are you almost done?”
        “I guess so. Let’s get out of here.”
        “Excuse me?” the librarian had just peeked around the corner of a
book
case.
        “Yes?” Tenchi asked.
        “I’d like to go home soon, so if you could either check out the book
you’re
reading or-” she stopped midsentence and stood there.
        “Or...?” Ryoko prompted. The librarian fell forward and the could
see
the light
sword in the hand of someone beyond the book shelf that had been in the
back of her
skull.
        Tenchi had the Tenchi-Ken out and powered up before he was even out
of
his seat.
Ryoko formed her own sword and flew up in the air to see who the attacker
was. She was
plowed out of the air and into a table a short distence away by a green
blur. The blur
jumped back from the splintered table with Ryoko lying on the remains of
it, and stood
tall. He was dressed all in green and had stiking green eyes.
        A woman who looked much like the man, in the eyes, but with a blue
out
fit on
stepped out from where she had killed the librarian. Tenchi looked at
them both nervously.
        Ryoko floated up out of the remains of the large oak table, “I got
this
one, you
take out the chick.” Ryoko said as red energy crackled along her body.
        “Right.” Tenchi said and eased into a fighting stance.
         The fight started in an instant. All four fighters were together
and
engadged faster
then the eye could see. The flurry of movement was almost too much for
Tenchi to handle,
but his intuition was good, and he blocked every blow the woman rained on
him. She had
an energy sword, and he was confident he was the better swordsman. He
would just ware
her down...
        Ryoko flew up in the air and threw a ball of energy. It blasted a
large
case of
books into sheets of paper and smoldering splinters. The green-clad man
flew up out of
the explostion and swiped at her with a long thin dagger. She spun away
and slashed back
at him with her sword.
        “Sit still!” she growled as he flew away from her. She didn’t stop
to
ponder how it
was that he could fly, but instead flew at him again. They crossed blades
a few times
before locking. Ryoko growled at the man. He laughed.
        “You and the prince have been ordered dead by the KalMor. Give up
and
take
your sentence like a true warrior!”
        “Who are you?” Ryoko demanded.
        “I am Thire Reaver, and that is my sister down there beating up on
the
royal,” he
paused and they both looked down in time to see Tenchi fly across the
room and smash
through a book case, “Threasa Reaver.”
        “So you’re sibling assasins?” Ryoko asked as she flew back from him,
“How cute.”
        Thire laughed, “You can’t win.”
        “Wanna’ bet?” Ryoko grined.
        Thire’s smile vanished and he was on her in a split second. Ryoko
was
ready
though, and blocked his blow, slamming her fist into his gut, then
spining and kicking him.
He flew across the room in mid-air and smashed into the wall, taking some
of it down with
him.
        “You don’t know how to fight like a true warrior,” Ryoko spit at
him, “A
true
warrior fight’s with her head.”
        “You’ll pay for that!” Thire screamed as he burst from the wall and
flew
at her.
        Ryoko vanished and reapeared above him as he swung his dagger. She
pounded a
two handed blow into his back and he flew down into the ground, sending
chunks of
concreat and tile flying every where.
        Threasa turned from where she was kicking Tenchi in the ribs as he
lay
on the
ground, “Thire!” she yelled and rushed over.
        Several blasts of red energy blew the hole in the ground even wider,
and
Thire
screamed, but was cut off abruptly as one last blast tore a sizeable
chunk of the ground up.
Threasa was blasted back.
        “No!” she screamed and tears streamed down her face. She turned and
looked to
where Tenchi lay on the ground, clutching his bruised ribs, “At least
I’ll get to kill you!”
she screamed in a bitter tone as she wrenched a blaster from a holster at
her hip. She
aimed it and fired.
        The shot bounced off of a sheild.
        Threasa blinked. The briefing had said that the only one capable of
producing
energy sheilds was the princess. But this rectangular wall, glowing blue
and definetly Juri
power, was obviously being generated by the boy. Just what was going on?
        Tenchi looked up and was suprised as Threasa to see the sheild, “Now
that’s
interesting...” he mused. He looked over at her, “Am I doing that?” he
asked pointing to
the blue glowing energy barrier.
        Threasa nodded dumbly. Tenchi sat in a cross legged positon and
concntrated.
Several more sheilds popped up around him, “Cool!” he exclaimed.
        Ryoko landed behind Threasa and raised her sword. She looked down
grimly
at
the woman, who looked back up with tears in her eyes, “Go ahead and kill
me.” she said,
“You’ve already taken my brother away from me, and it’s obvious I can’t
beat you.”
        Ryoko’s eyes softened. Tenchi’s words from earlier that day floated
back
to her,
“Yeah, but you’re way to strong and way to good a fighter for her to even
have a chance.
Attacking weaker oponets only makes you crule and inhuman.” he shook his
head, “I
thought better of you Ryoko.”
        “No.” she said softly, “You can go. Just stay away from us, and we
wont
hurt you
any more.”
        Threasa looked up at her with tears in her eyes and shock on her
face,
“What?”
        Tenchi put a hand on her shoulder, “I think you may be the first
person
Ryoko’s
ever let go.” he said to her, “Don’t refuse her offer.” A smile touched
his lips.
        “I’ll go...” she said.
        “I’m sorry...” Ryoko said motioning to the pit in the middle of the
room, “But it
was him or me...”
        “I know. You were just acting out of self defence. You are forgiven,
but
that wont
make my life any better...”
        “I wish there was something...” Tenchi frowned. He knew the pain of
loss.
        “There’s nothing you can do. Goodbye.” Threasa walked away from them
and
out
of the library.
        “Ryoko...” Tenchi took her hand and looked into her eyes. They
seemed so
lovely
when she was crying. More caring and gental. “What you just did....”
        “I know.” she said, and smiled a sad smile. She put one finger to
his
lips to silence
any further words, “Let’s get you home so we can patch you up.” she noted
the cut above
his left eye, and the way he held his ribs.
        “Alright.” he let her put one of his arms over her shoulder and she
helped him out
of the building. As they walked down the steps, there was a strange
rummbeling.
        “What the hell?” Ryoko said.

        Hiro blasted left, then right. There were still more. The damn
droids
never stopped
comming! Even with the power of the gem in his wrist, he couldn’t seem to
move fast
enough and blast hard enough to destroy them all. Hiro was getting
desperate.
        His sword came out again and he cut a swath through a horde of
robots. A
blast
ripped into his shoulder, but he ignored it. He’d already been hit
several times, and one
more wasn’t going to slow him down that much.
        Another slash, another droid. His sword vanished and he put both of
his
hands
together and pointed them palms out down the hall way. He screamed as he
relased a blast
of energy so powerful that it set the walls on fire as it ripped past.
All of the robots in
front of him were destroyed.
        Still more behind him. He teleported to the center of the first
floor.
It was a
reseption area, and here he saw a large device set up. It was an
extra-demenstional tunnle,
much like the ones Washu used, only a much more primitive design. Droids
streamed out
of it in a never ending line.
        “So this is where you’re comming from!” he bellowed as he powered up
a
huge
blast. He let it fly as several blaster shots flew his way. He took three
hits, but destroyed
all of the robots in the room.
        “Ha!” he yelled as he looked down at the smoke cloud, “You guys are
toast!”
        His victory cry was in vain, however, and his face fell as the dust
cleared and he
saw that the portal still remained, and more droids were filing out. His
mind darted back
to every thing Washu had ever told him about deminstion tunnles.
        “How do I get rid of that?” he suddenly recalled some thing about
fussion of
atoms, and closing portals like the one before him. So a big enough blast
would probobly
do it... but he’d have to use his full power.
        He’d never done that before. Washu and Ryoko had assured him it
would be
enough to blast apart a good sized city, so he’d have to concentrate the
blast, and make
sure the excess went up into space instead of out into the city.
        It wouldn’t do to level Tokyo...
        Hiro started to power up and let the droids blast at him as they
wanted
to. They’d
all be gone soon any way....

        Kiyone knocked on the door of Washu’s small, on-campus apartment and
waited
for the short red head to let her in.
        “Captain! What a pleasent suprise! Come on in and have a beer...”
Washu
motioned for her to come in.
        “Acually, I was hoping you could give me the annalisis of the mettle
of
the sword I
gave you?” she asked.
        “Oh, yeah. Just a second, I’ll bring it up.” she stepped back and
Kiyone
stepped up
into the entry hall, and watched as Washu called up her holo-top and
typed at the keys for
a few seconds, “It was made of Reconicorn steel, not uncommon for a
strong sword.
What was strange was that it was over 6,000 years old, and was set with
the mark of
Harakura.”
        “Harakura?” Kiyone repeated the name and leaned down to see the
picture
of the
mark on Washu’s screen.
        “An ancient sect of assassins. The best in the galaxy as far as I
know.
If they’re on
this mission, then you can bet we’ll be fighting some tough people.
You’re lucky you
survived the attack I’d say.”
        “So what do you think they’ll do now?”
        “Well, if the Harakura follow they’re traditional practices, then
they
wont leave us
alone for too long. I’d say we should excpect more attacks soon.” Washu
sounded deathly
serious.
        “Then we should tell the others.” Kiyone said. A strange rumble
suddenly
made
them both grab onto the walls, “What’s that?” Kiyone asked.
        “What the hell?” Washu looked at her computer, “I’m detecting power
levels that
compare to Ryoko at one third power. That is when she had all three
gems...” Washu
looked up in the direction of the central campus, “Over there...”
        A blast of green light pirced the night sky and blew a wind that
wispered death to
the two woman. It stayed for several moments, then faded.
        “Hiro...” Kiyone wispered, and she and Washu took off at a dead run,
the
scientist
slamming her door behind her.


        Ryoko and Tenchi watched as the green blast fadded back to nothing.
        “Oh no...” Tenchi said. They had both felt the power of the blast.
        “That could have ripped him apart!” Ryoko shouted franticly, “Let’s
go!”

        She grabbed Tenchi and flew off into the night.


        Washu and Hiro ran up to the rubble that used to be the chemistry
and
physics lab
and saw Tenchi and Ryoko digging through the heap of stone and smoldering
wood.
        “Hiro!” Kiyone screamed and ran to where Ryoko was. The space pirate
was
franticly digging.
        “Mom!” she yelled, “Where is he?”
        Washu was already typing away at her computer, “There!” she called
back
and
pointed to a spot not far from Tenchi.
        Tenchi turned and shoved a rock aside. He saw a limp hand, covered
in
blood,
“He’s here!” the young man yelled franticly and began digging at all the
stone around his
friend.
        Ryoko flew over and grabbed a huge concreat slab that covered the
majority of the
area. She lifted it with ease and tossed it to the side, where it landed
with a resonding
crash, and shatered into thousands of smaller chunks.
        Hrio lay in a puddle of blood, covered in small rocks and blaster
wounds. His left
arm had been crushed by falling rock, and he looked to be totally
exuhsted of all power.
        “Oh my God...” Ryoko started forward but stopped. Kiyone came up
behind
her
and looked down at her friend. She clutched Ryoko’s shoulder and they
both looked away
from the still form before them.
        “He’s breathing...” Tenchi said as he slid down into the hole.
Hiro’s
eyes blinked
open and he looked up.
        “Hiro...?” Tenchi looked at him but didn’t move any closer.
        “That hurt a whole bunch. I can’t even heal my wounds...” Hiro said
as
he sat up,
then stood. He was hurt, bleeding, but still alive, and able to walk. He
nodded.
        “I’m fine.” he assured Tenchi with a smile. Washu’s voice came to
them
from a
short distence away,
        “My legs are too short to climb up all of this! Kiyone! Why don’t
you
come help
me? Damnit!” she poked her head out from the top of the hole that Tenchi
and Hiro were
in, “You are most definetly not okay! You report to my lab at once!” she
ordered. Hiro
nodded and walked through the portal that popped up for him. Ryoko flew
down and
went in as well.
        “I’ll take care of them.” Washu assured Tenchi and Kiyone who were
about
to
follow, “Tenchi, you look like you’ve seen action.”
        “Yeah. The library doesn’t look much better then this place...” he
said.
        “Well, why don’t you two go check on Ayeka then. I’ll check the
house
too and
make sure that Sasami and the others are still okay.” she nodded, “I’ll
check in with you in
twenty minutes.
        “Right.” Kiyone tapped her wrist comunicator.


        Ayeak sat in bed reading a book. Some thing was bothering her. Some
thing didn’t
feel right...
        A green glow lit up her window. She hopped out of bed and looked out
side. It
was Hiro, she was sure. What was going on? She’d better check it out...
        She turned to change her clothes and ran smack into a man wearing
all
black. She
jumped back and was about to put up a Juri power sheild when his hand
shot out and he
grabbed her by the throat. He lifted her off the ground and held her up
to his eye level. Her
feet dangled a foot and a half off the floor.
        He had white hair that fell past his shoulders in a wild and aimless
way. His eyes
were a shade of blue so light they almost looked silver. His face was
lean and sharp, his
nose ending in a point, and his eyes pircing into hers.
        She gagged at the presure on her throat.
        “You and your friends have been quite annoying....” he said in a
deep,
soothing
voice. She felt her world starting to go black. She couldn’t breath...
        “They’ll come to me, just like I want them too. And then, I’ll kill
them
all.”
        “Who..... are.... you?” Ayeka barely gasped.
        “I am Seliph, leader of the KalMor.” he said with an evil smile.
        The last thing the princess heard was his wicked laugh.