        The ‘incoming transmission’ light on the controls of the Yagami had
been flashing
for almost a half hour. The ships officer wasn’t in the cockpit though,
and so she hadn’t
seen it. She hadn’t seen anything at all for almost three hours.
        Captain Kiyone Makibi was asleep. She snored gently as she lay on
the
sofa of her
large ships living space. The Yagami was a huge ship for just one person,
but Kiyone often
did important transports for ambassadors and kings, so she was blessed
with having it.
        Waking to the sound of a very loud buzzer, Kiyone sat bolt upright
and
ordered
the computer to turn on the monitor in the living area. The section
commander popped up
on the screen and yelled at her,
        “Captain Makibi! You are supposed to be on patrol right now in the
Fronga
sector! Where is your uniform? Why are you asleep?”
        “I... that is... I’m sorry sir. There just seems to be nothing out
here
at the moment
and I thought I might catch a few hours before completing my patrol.” she
replied.
*Damnit! The first time I slack off since the academy and I get caught!*
        “Well, don’t worry about it too much. To tell you the truth, I sent
you
out there
for a bit of a rest after the whole thing with the Hermitigon Prince...”
        “He was a bit of a pain in the ass sir.”
        “I know, I know. You should meet his parents...” an involuntary
shudder
went
down the spine of the commander.
        “So what can I do for you sir?”
        “Actually, you have a new assignment. No more boring missions for
you!”
        “Great! I haven’t seen any action since I was promoted from
Detective!”
        “Well, you’re being assigned to a detective! First Class of course.”
        “Great!” *My first real command!*
        “The transfer comes right from the GP director himself. It seems his
granddaughter
is stationed on a planet called Earth. There, for some reason, two Jurian
princesses have
taken up residence, and he wants you there to help protect them.”
        Kiyone couldn’t move. She couldn’t speak. “You don’t mean...”
        “The Officers name is Mihoshi-”
        “NO! Sir please, you can’t assign me to her! I’ll do anything!”
        “You know Detective First Class Mihoshi?”
        “Yes sir. We were room mates at the academy sir. We do NOT get
along.”
        “I’m sorry Captain, but I have my orders, and so do you. You can
always
file
transfer papers...”
        “Sir, please. Is there anything you can do?”
        “No! Now you are expected on Earth in two days, so had better get
moving!” the
transmission ended then.
        “DAMNIT ALL!” Kiyone screamed and threw a vase across the room. It
exploded
against a wall, sending shards flying everywhere.
        *Of all the idiots I could be put in charge of, it had to be her. I
curse the day she
was born! I hate Mihoshi with all my heart and soul....*

        Mihoshi looked down at the transmission she was receiving and
gasped.
Nearby,
Ryoko looked over and asked, “What’s up?” It never hurt to have an edge
on the GP
affairs around the system.
        “I’m getting a new superior officer here to help me in my patrols
and
protection of
Earth!” she exclaimed.
        “What!?!” Ryoko flew over and looked at the data pad that Mihoshi
was
holding.
“Why are you so excited about that any way?”
        “Because the new officer is Kiyone!” she grabbed Ryoko about the
neck
and
hugger her tightly, “She’s my old room mate from the academy! I love
Kiyone! She’s so
great!”

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *
Tenchi Muyo! What happens next?
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter One: New Arrivals
Note: I don’t own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any
of them up (well,
except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story about them. I’d say
that’s one of the
biggest forms of flattery out there, to have such a great story that
other’s want to write
about it. So please, this is a fan appreciative story, don’t sue me for
using your stuff OK?
(Believe me, you wouldn’t get too much any way....)
Also good to note is that this series picks up after the OAV Episode 13,
maybe a month
after the Juri nobles arrived on Earth to take Ayeka and Sasami home.
Consider anything
that happened after that in the movies or whatever to be irrelevant here.
        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

        Tenchi stood before the door way to Washu’s sub space lab and took a
deep
breath. He was almost frightened of what might happen if he went through
the door.
Washu had the tendency to see him as her ‘favourite guinea pig’ because
of his unique
Jarian powers. He needed her help though, and hadn’t seen her come out in
days. That
meant he might be walking into a new invention....
        He shuddered at the thought. Steeling himself and getting a
determined
look on his
face, he opened the door and stepped in.
        Tenchi found himself in the garden area of Washu’s lab. A waterfall
that
poured
out of no where off to the side splashed in a relaxing rhythm against the
pool it landed in.
The vegetation was large, leafy and green. Exotic flowers bloomed every
where.
        Straight in front of him down a tiled walk way, Washu sat on her
floating seat
cushion and typed away at her holopad computer. Tenchi walked cautiously
forward,
looking about for any robotic arms that might drop from the darkness
above, or a
carnivorous plant that could jump out of the thick vegetation. He called
out to Washu, so
that he wouldn’t startle her when he made it to her finally.
        “Uh.... Little Washu?” she turned and looked at him with a smile on
her
face. Not
a smile of one who is about to drop a suprise trap on you, but a smile
that told Tenchi that
she was pleasantly suprised to have him drop by her lab.
        “Yes Tenchi? What can I do for you?”
        “Well, I have a question for you, actually...”
        “Then I probably have an answer! After all, I AM the greatest
scientific
genius in
the universe!”
        “Yeah, um, there’s no traps or any thing like that for me in here
are
there?” he
asked in a strained voice.
        “Well.... no there’s not. Was that your question?” Washu seemed
perplexed.
        “No, no.” Tenchi relaxed a little and walked forward to her at a
normal
pace, “It’s
just that usually you try to strap me to some sort of gizmo or another
and run tests on
me...”
        “Sorry, I’ve been doing a system data dump.” Washu explained, “All
of my
resent
research is being backed up and archived for later use if I need it.”
        “Oh. Is that why you haven’t been out in a while?”
        “It sure is. I’ve had a huge amount of data collected since I was
set
free. It’s been
taking a while to sort through it all.”
        “Well, how about a break for some tea, and I can ask you my question
then?”
Tenchi asked in a warm natured tone.
        “I’d love to.” Washu replied with a smile.

        Tenchi sipped his tea and looked at Washu as she yawned. She must
not
have been
sleeping too much during the whole data dump thing. The tea was great as
usual (Sasami
had prepared it for them) and they had been chatting about this and that
for a while.
        Finally Washu set down her tea cup and propped her chin up on her
hands,
with
her elbows against the table, “So what were you going to ask me about
Tenchi?”
        “Well you see Little Washu, I want you to be my mom.” Tenchi smiled
as
her eyes
got huge.
        “Does that mean that you’re choosing Ryoko?” she whispered so as not
to
alert
any one else in the house.
        “No, not like that!” Tenchi said as he laughed a little, “I want you
to
pretend to be
my mom. Or my aunt more exactly.”
        “Why? What for?” Washu was more confused now then ever.
        “Well, you see, every year my school has a science fair for mother
child
couples.
I’ve never been able to go before, because my mother died when I was very
young.”
Tenchi paused as his eyes seemed to glaze over for a moment, but then he
continued, “So
this year I asked the school authorities if I could use an aunt instead
of a mother. They
told me yes.”
        “And so you thought of me?” Washu looked touched.
        “Well, who better to win first prize with then the Number One
Scientific
Mind in
the Universe?” Tenchi was buttering her up now.
        “Indeed who better!” Washu exclaimed, jumping up, “I’ll get started
immediately!”
        “Hey now!” Tenchi said before she could run back to her lab, “There
are
a few
stipulations we have to take into account.”
        Washu stopped where she was a turned to him with a look of
disappointment on
her face, “Like what?”
        “Well first of all, YOU wont be getting started, WE will. We have to
do
it
together. Second, we have to use only stuff that can be found on Earth
that we have
access to. And third, we can’t use principals and thermos you’ve invented
that no on Earth
has ever heard of.”
        “Hmmm....” Washu sat down. She’d have to think about this now. She
was
sure
she could do it, but was it really worth her time? She had dimensions to
map, and
important inventions to make. Should she help Tenchi?
        “It’ll be worth your while....” Tenchi said with a grin.
        “How?” she asked.
        “First Prize is a dinner for the winners whole family at a really
nice
restaurant. We
could take the whole bunch of us out for a night on the town.”
        “I don’t know Tenchi... I have important things to do...”
        “Well,” he replied with an even bigger grin, “I understand if you
don’t
think that
you can do it without all of your high-tech gadgets and stuff...”
        “You’re on nephew.” she stuck out her hand.
        “Great!” Tenchi said with a smile as he shook her hand, “Auntie
Washu!”

        The next day, Ryoko was floating along looking for something to do
when
she
heard an odd noise coming from the storage shed. It sounded like
laughter... Tenchi’s
laughter....
        She instantly fazed to the top of the shed. If Ayeka was in there
with
him...
        Then she heard it. That cackle that gave her a head ache just
thinking
about it’s
owner...
        “Washu!” she growled and fazed her head down through the top of the
shed. She
looked about and saw the two of them working on some sort of strange
contraption.
Tenchi was helping Washu invent something? But why not in the lab? And
why not with
stuff other then the junk they were using?
        “Just what’s going on in here?” Ryoko demanded as the rest of her
floated down
through the ceiling.
        “Oh, Ryoko!” Tenchi said as he stood up from where he had been
tightening a bolt
down, “How are you?”
        How was she? She had just barged in on them and he was happy and
asking
how
she was? “I’m... fine. What are you two doing?”
        “We’re building the worlds first automatic carrot planter/ tender/
harvester!”
Washu proclaimed in an loud, ecstatic voice, “We are such geniuses!”
        “Not to be a downer or anything,” Ryoko said with a small laugh,
“But.... why?”
        “It’s for the mother-student science fair at school.” Tenchi replied
with out
thinking about the consequences of his actions.
        Ryoko had glomped him before he could say another word, “Oh, Tenchi!
I’m
so
glad you’re trying to get to know your new mother-in-law! I relies she’s
a pain in the ass
sometimes...”
        “Hey!” Washu said.
        “... but it’s so good of you to want her to be part of our family!”
        “Ryoko!” Tenchi said as he tried to pull her off of him, “It’s not
like
that! We’re
just pretending she’s my aunt for the fair so I can actually be in it!”
        Ryoko released him, “So you don’t like me?” she asked with tears in
her
eyes.
        Tenchi’s face softened with his heart, “No Ryoko, I still like you-”
        “Great! Then we’re still together!” she cut him off and glomped him
again.
        The door to the shed burst open. Ayeka stood there with a fuming
look on
her
face. “Unhand Lord Tenchi at once!” she commanded the space pirate.
        “Listen princess, Tenchi and Washu are pretending to be nephew and
aunt,
so that
makes me his pretend-”
        “Cousin!” Ayeka screamed, “And as such you have no right to him! Now
unhand
him daemon!”
        “Hey, being his cousin is better then being his grand-aunt!” Ryoko
screamed back.
Both started charging up their powers.
        “Hey! Girls!” Tenchi said jumping between them, “Stop it! Not next
to
the
invention!” Then he looked at Washu and saw her terrified look. The
realisation of his
mistake set in.
        He was in-between Ryoko and Ayeka.
        The explosion rocked the foundation of the house and blew the shed
and
the
worlds first automatic carrot planter/ tender/ harvester to little bits.
Ryoko and Ayeka sat
on the ground propped up against each other, and Tenchi lay under a heap
of rubble a
short distance away. Washu hovered above the ground in a force bubble
with an annoyed
look on her face.
        “Now we’ll have to start all over!” she said.

        “That should just about do it!” Tenchi said as he cranked down the
last
bit of
panelling on the Carrot-Tron 3000. It stood at least as tall as he was,
and had moved on
tank treads. He had to admit, Washu was able to pull things out of the
dump and make
this thing with no problems at all. He even understood how it worked
because he had
helped to build it.
        They stood and stared at their invention for a few moments in
silence
then Washu
spoke, “I had fun doing this with you Tenchi.”
        Tenchi suddenly got very ridged. Washu noticed.
        “Not like the other girls would have, but as.... well, your aunt I
guess.” Tenchi
relaxed and looked down at her. She continued, “Maybe we could do it
again some time?”
        “Well,” Tenchi said as he gazed back at the contraption, “If this
thing
works, I’d
like to build a few more! We could have twice the carrot production!”
        “Spoken like a true scientist!” Washu exclaimed and slapped his
back.
Tenchi
almost fell over. He realised suddenly that he was very tiered.
        “What time is it?” he looked at his watch and was that it was half
past
two in the
morning, “Wow! I should go to bed! I still have to get up and go to
school tomorrow!” he
started to turn and walk away, but stopped and went back to Washu. He
knelt down and
gave her diminutive form a big hug. She hugged back.
        “Remember to ask dad to bring this thing to school at seven
tomorrow?”
she
nodded, “Great! Good night Auntie Washu!”
        “Good night Tenchi!” she called after him.
        Washu watched him go then walked back into the house herself and
down
the hall
to her lab. She entered with a sigh and checked her computer. The system
dump was
complete. She smiled.
        So much done in one day....

        At the edge of the solar system, a red ship dropped out of subspace
travel. The Sol
system was a crusing speed only zone, because the Earthlings were still
considered
pre-contact status.
        Kiyone sighed as she set in the corridentets on the Yagami’s
controls.
ETA was 16
hours to Earth. She decided to get some sleep before she had to deal with
THAT woman
again....

        Nobuyuki and Yosho grunted as they lifted the large wooden crate
into
the back of
the family’s van. Washu stood by and watched.
        “Careful now! That took us all night to put together!” she said with
an
annoyed
tone.
        Yosho grunted something about using her droids to lift it, be she
ignored him.
        Washu had taken on her adult form to seem more believable as
Tenchi’s
aunt. Her
‘brother’ Nobuyuki would be driving her to the school with the
Carrot-Tron 3000 where
Tenchi was waiting for them. She actually felt nervous about the whole
thing and didn’t
want any last minute problems to arise. She bit her lip as Nobuyuki shut
the back of the
van with a bang.
        A hand on her shoulder made her jump a bit. She turned to see Yosho
standing
there. “Don’t worry so much, Washu.” he told her, “You and Tenchi will do
fine.” she
smiled at his reassurance.
        “Thank you.” she said and dashed over to the passenger side of the
van.
“Come
on, brother! We’re gonna be late if we don’t get this show on the road!”
        “I can’t believe you Washu!” Nobuyuki said as he climbed into the
drivers side and
started the van.
        “What?” she asked.
        “Mom raised us much better then to yell at each other all the time!”
        Washu facefaulted in her seat.

        Ryoko held tightly to the underside of the van. It wasn’t a problem
to
hover and
let the van pull her along, but she still didn’t like the feeling.
        She couldn’t be noticed though. If Ayeka had caught her, or
Washu....
she didn’t
want to think of what Washu would do if she started barging in on her and
Tenchi’s time
together as aunt and nephew. The crazy little scientist really enjoyed it
for some reason.
        Still, Ryoko just wanted to make sure that Tenchi won the fair. She
had
no dout
that her mother had come up with the best invention that would be there,
but she just
wanted to be sure. If that meant sabotage...
        Ryoko smiled wickedly.

        Tenchi stood in front of the display that he and Washu had set up
for
the
Carrot-Tron 3000 and greeted people who walked over to look at the
contraption. The
official time it took to build it was listed as three weeks.
        “Boy, wouldn’t these people flip if I told them Washu designed, drew
up,
got parts
for, and built the whole thing in only a day and a half!” Tenchi thought
to himself, “No, we
did it together.” he corrected himself with a smile. He really had
enjoyed Washu’s
company and she seemed to enjoy his too.
        It amazed him how much their friendship had grown in so short a
time.
        Washu came back to their display area after a quick tour of the
competition,
“We’ve got it hands down.” she told him with a huge grin.
        Tenchi just laughed a bit and greeted the next person who came up to
ask
a
question.

        Ryoko wandered around the gym where the fair was being held and
looked
at all
the other projects. They would have no problem winning this at all. No
one even came
close to their level of sophistication in design, and originality wasn’t
a big problem either.
        As she walked by a display of a gizmo that seemed to brush a girls
hair
for her
when she turned the crank, she heard the girl’s mother say, “That Tenchi
boy and his
weird aunt... they have quite a contraption over there.”
        “Yeah,” the student girl replied, “but I bet they cheated and used
some
commercial
design team or something. Tenchi’s never said any thing about his aunt
before, and I bet
she’s a scientist or something. That’s not fair...” the girl sounded so
snotty....
        Ryoko wandered around a corner and teleported behind the girls
display.
She
reached up and with one small blip of energy, fused the crank in place.
The girl reefed on
it but it wouldn’t move.
        “Mother!” she shrieked, “This stupid thing is stuck in my hair!”
        Ryoko chuckled and teleported back to the hall way she had
teleported
from.

        Tenchi greeted another interested person, and glanced over the mans
shoulder. He
was standing in a door way next to the stair well to the second floor a
young man he knew
from some of his classes. What was his name?
        *Hiro Yehmi* a voice in his head said to him. That was it. From what
he
knew,
Hiro’s mother had left him and his father a while back with another man,
and he hadn’t
really been the same since. He used to be a bright eyed curious guy, but
now days he was
so dark and brooding. He got into fights all the time and had been kicked
out of school
often. Tenchi briefly wondered if Hiro had an aunt here as well, but
decided other wise
when he turned and walked up the stairs.
        “Auntie Washu, could you please handle this question?” Tenchi asked
the
red
haired scientist.
        “Of course Little Tenchi!” she said, pinching his cheek.
        “Aw! Auntie Washu! I told you not to call me that here!” Tenchi said
as
he turned
a bit red and walked off. The small crowd around their display laughed
for a moment
before Washu launched into a long lecture to answer the mans simple
question.
        Tenchi walked up the stairs and looked up and down the second floor
hall. Hiro
was no where, but the hatch to the roof was open. Tenchi walked over and
climbed up the
shaft to the roof.
        When he got up top, he saw Hiro standing at the edge of the building
looking up at
the early eavning starts. Tenchi walked over and stood next to him.
        “They’re really lovely, aren’t they?” he said to Hiro.
        The other young man jumped slightly as if noticing Tenchi for the
first
time. The
look of suprise and anger faded from his face when he saw who it was,
“Oh, Tenchi. You
kinda’ snuck up on me there. What can I do for you?”
        “I was just wondering what you were doing up here...”
        “Oh.” Hiro was silent for a moment, then spoke, “I come up here once
in
a while.
After I found out my mom left, I was crushed. I loved her and she just
left me.” Tenchi
was slightly suprised by Hiro’s openness, “Then only a few months ago, my
dad died of a
broken heart. I guess it was harder on him then it was on me.”
        Tenchi was shocked, “Are you living with other family now?”
        “No. My only other family is an uncle who lives a ways away, and
doesn’t
really
have time for me. He pays the rent of the apartment I live in, and I live
by myself.”
        “I’m sorry.” Tenchi said looking at the ground below them, “I didn’t
know...”
        “Know one does. Except the principal and my teachers. I just don’t
like
to talk
about it to just anyone.”
        “So why me?”
        “Because....” Hiro paused for a second, then continued, “You
remember
back four
years ago, we had a math project to do together in class?”
        Tenchi thought for a moment. Yes he did remember that now. He nodded
his
head.
        “Well, I was really good at the math, and you were really good at
the
speaking
part. We divided it up and got an A with no problem. We just seemed to
click.
        “Yeah, I remember that now.” Tenchi said with a smile. They had
worked
well
together.
        “I guess I just see you as someone I can share that kind of stuff
with
and not worry
about you making fun of me or telling everyone in school.”
        “Oh.” Tenchi was a bit proud of himself. He had a friend he hadn’t
even
know
about.
        “But back to your original question.” Hiro said, “After I found out
about my dad, I
ran all over town crying. I ended up here and got on the roof. I was
going to jump off and
just be done with it.”
        Tenchi noted the bitter tone in Hiro’s voice. He understood where
the
guys pent
up angst all came from now.
        “But for some reason, I didn’t do it,” Hiro continued, “I wanted to,
but
I didn’t. I
guess I just had too much life left to live.” his eyes moved from the
stars to the ground
below and his voice got quiet, “But I guess I haven’t been doing a very
good job of it
lately huh?”
        “Well, I can’t see getting into fights all the time and dwelling
over
how bad things
are as helping too much.” Tenchi agreed with him.
        “You know I used to go to martial arts tournaments?” Hiro asked
suddenly.
        “No I didn’t. I’ve never gone to a tournament, but my grandfather
teaches me to
fight with a sword up at his shrine...” Tenchi smiled at the common
interest.
        “Yeah. They kicked me out of the club I went to because I got to
violent.” Hiro
said dejectedly, “That’s why I get into fights all the time. I still want
to prove to my self
that I can still fight like I used to, but I can’t. There’s no control. I
just fight to fight. No
honour, no glory.”
        Tenchi looked down again. Then an idea popped into his head, “Hey!
You
want to
come see if Grandpa will teach you too?”
        “Oh, no... I wouldn’t want to just go ask.... I’d have to be
invited...”
        “Oh, he’d love a new student! And I’d love a sparing partner who
doesn’t
whack
me in the head all the time!”
        Hiro laughed a little for the first time Tenchi had heard him do so
in
over a year.


        Washu was sitting and going over the specks for the Carrot-Tron 3000
when she
looked up and saw a mother and daughter posing for a picture. She
wondered briefly what
Ryoko was up to. She wished so much that her daughter would let her be
part of her life,
but she was pushed away every time she tried to get close.
        *Why should I wonder?* she thought to herself. If she wanted to know
what
Ryoko was doing, all she had to do was scan her thoughts.
        Washu did just that and a cross look came over her face. “Ryoko...”
she
growled
and stood up. Walking right past some one who was about to ask her a
question, Washu
headed for the far side of the gym.

        Ryoko was halfway inside a large contraption that was a twenty in
one
waffle iron.
There were three wires to chose from to cross. The blue one, the yellow
one, and the
black one. Hmmm......
        Well, she had always been found of bees....


        “Not the black and the yellow Ryoko!” Washu growled as she ducked
around
a
corner. She called up her holopad and started figuring trajectory and the
right spot to
place the portal to her lab. She’d teach Ryoko a lesson this time....


        “So anyway, he grabs the guys shirt and throws him across the ring,
only
to have
the guy roll up and dive right back at him, knocking him right out of the
ring!” Hiro
laughed.
        “No way!” Tenchi was hearing some rather amazing stories of weird
things
Hiro
had seen at the tournaments he had been to.
        “What about you, Tenchi? You have any weird stories?”
        “Oh, my grandfather is a weird old guy. He does some stuff that I
don’t
even know
how he does it!”
        “Like wha-” Hiro was about to ask, but a sudden explosion rocked the
school. He
had been standing right on the edge of the school, and was thrown from it
as he screamed.
        “Hiro!” Tenchi yelled, reaching for him, but it was too late.
        Hiro fell the two stories straight down.

        Ryoko was blasted back through the wall of the building by the force
of
the
explosion. She had managed to get a shield up in time to block the brunt
of it, but she was
still a little scorched. She was expecting to hit the ground hard, but
when she didn’t she
levitated immediately.
        Looking down she saw a portal leading down into Washu’s lab and a
glass
tube
with some sort of electrode thing hooked up to it. She grinned.
        “You’ll have to do better then that ya’ little-” but she didn’t get
the
rest of the quip
out, because right at that moment, Hiro fell right into her and they both
slammed down
into the tube. The portal sealed.


        Back on the roof, Tenchi watched all of this in amazement. He
wondered
if Ryoko
would have broken Hiro’s fall enough to let him live, and what dire fate
awaited them in
Washu’s lab.
        Washu popped up next to him a moment latter and grabbed him, “Come
on!
Before it’s too late!” she said in a worried voice.
        “What?!?” Tenchi yelled as she pulled him through a portal into her
lab.

        He looked over and saw Hiro out cold, and Ryoko pounding on the
glass to
be let
out. The electrode started to hum violently.
        “What does that thing do Washu?” Tenchi asked looked at Hiro.
        “I designed it specifically to change Ryoko’s genetic make up so
that
her powers
would be negated until I wanted to give them back.”
        “So what will happen to Hiro?” he asked.
        “It’ll kill him instantly.” She replied as she typed furiously at a
control pad in front
of her.
        Tenchi ran over to the tube and looked in at Hiro, “Can’t you shut
it
off?”
        “No. I was so worried that I might wuss out and not want to hurt my
little Ryoko
that I made the process irreversible. There’s only one thing that I can
do.”
        “What’s that?” he yelled as the humming got louder.
        “Reverse the process.” she said and hit one last key.
        The tube flashed to life, zapping Ryoko and Hiro both. They both
screamed and
writhed in agony for a moment then the tube shut off suddenly and they
both hit the floor.
        “Open that thing!” Tenchi yelled.
        “I’m trying!” Washu said back, “But it’s designed to not let Ryoko
out
until she
calms down a bit! She’s gonna be mad as a hornet in a second!”
        Tenchi reached down and yanked the Tenchi-Ken out of his belt where
he
always
had it. I flashed to life and he ran over and sliced the tube cleanly in
half. The top part flew
to the side and shattered all over the labs floor.
        “Well, that’s one way to do it...” Washu said as she pushed the
control
panel aside.
        Tenchi lifted Hiro out of the tube and Ryoko stood up. “What did you
just do to
me?” she asked her mother in a tone that spelled death.
        “Actually, to save this boys life, I probably just enhanced your
powers
a bit!”
Washu snapped back, “Now help Tenchi get him to the med bay! I need to
make sure that
he wont die anyway just from the shock!”

        Latter that night, Tenchi sat in the med bay with Ryoko and watched
over
the now
stable Hiro. Since he was still out like a light, they had decided to
keep him until he woke
up, then Washu would erase his memory and they would put him back home in
his bed.
        “Are you mad at me for ruining the fair?” Ryoko asked, breaking the
long
silence
they had been sitting in.
        “No not really.” Tenchi replied, “That just means that the family
wont
be going out
to dinner at a really nice place now.”
        Ryoko looked at the floor. She would have enjoyed that...
        “I’m mad that you blew up my school, AGAIN, and this time you almost
killed one
of my friends doing it.”
        “Oh.” she replied. Ryoko felt about three inches tall, “Sorry.”
        “Sorry?” Tenchi stood up. He was facing away from her, but she could
see
his
hands shaking. He was furious.
        “Tenchi...” she began, but he cut her off by putting his hand up.
        “Just.... get out of here. You’ve done enough.” he said.
        For once, Ryoko got up and left without a word or a sob.

        “Did you have to be that hard on her?” Sasami asked the next morning
while she
and Tenchi sat at the table. He had told her the whole story, and she was
concerned. No
one had seen Ryoko all day.
        “Yeah, I did Sasami. She needed to relies that she could have killed
him. I don’t
know if it will mean much to her, but she deserved what she got.”
        “Well, I still think you should talk to her about it some more,
before
Ayeka starts
in on her and they have a-”
        “Listen, I said I was sorry to Tenchi and I meant it!” Ryoko’s voice
shouted, “You
weren’t even there, and I feel no need to apologise to you too!”
        “Just because I didn’t feel the need to push myself on Tenchi even
during his time
with Washu and his father like some people...”
        “Hey now! That’s low princess!”
        “Low comments for low daemons!”
        “That’s it!” there was a blast that shook the house.
        “Too late.” Sasami said glumly.
        “Maybe they wont come in here....” Tenchi said.

        Hiro’s eyes fluttered open. He sat up on the bed and looked about.
He
was in
some sort of strange lab....
        A diminutive red haired woman sat a short distance away and typed at
what looked
to be a transparent computer. What the hell was going on here?
        Hiro looked down to his right. I table had been set up there with
all
sorts of weird
instruments and knives and a small gun that looked like it injected stuff
into people. It was
labelled conveniently, ‘sedative.’ He silently picked it up and with bare
feet, stalked across
the floor to where the spiky haired woman was tapping away. He got up two
feet from her
before she noticed something was wrong.
        *She must really be absorbed in that thing...* Hiro thought to
himself
as he jabbed
the gun against her neck and pulled the trigger. The small woman’s eyes
got big as she
whirled on him, one hand to her neck.
        “No!” she slurred out as the sedative took effect, “Trying to
help...”
and she
pitched forward to the floor.
        “Yeah,” Hiro said looking back at the table full of dissection tools
and
tossing the
used gun aside, “right.”

        Mihoshi was jarred awake from a sound sleep as another explosion
shook
her
room. Those two....
        Just then, her GP control cube started to flash and make beeping
noises.
She
grabbed it and twisted it a few times. A voice came through it.
        “Detective First Class Mihoshi, this is Captain Makibi. Be dressed
in
uniform and
ready to greet me in five minutes by the lake out side the Masaki home.”
        “Kiyone!” Mihoshi squealed and twisted the cube some more. Her
uniform
appeared on her and she jumped up. Running down the stairs and then past
Ryoko and
Ayeka where they were grappling on the floor, the GP Detective giggled in
delight. She
ran past Sasami in the kitchen and the little princess called after her,
        “Where are you going?”
        “Kiyone will be here any minute now!” she called back and continued
running.
        “Wait!” Tenchi yelled and jumped up. This was a good excuse to get
out
of the
house and away from the battle zone, “I’ll greet her with you!”

        The hatch to the Yagami opened and Kiyone walked down. To Tenchi she
seemed
to the very model of what he thought a GP officer should be. She had a
confident look in
her eyes, and her teal hair was pulled away from her forehead by an
orange head band. Her
uniform was neat, and the captain rank insignia was displayed proudly.
She carried herself
with dignity, but not the snooty dignity that Ayeka had. Her mouth was
set in a grim
expression that would have shaken even the most hardened of criminals.
        “Officer Mihoshi,” she stated as she walked up to the blond girl and
Tenchi, “I
hereby take command of this post as your superior officer.”
        Mihoshi stood up straight and saluted, “Yes sir! Welcome to Earth
Sir!”
        “Thank you Detective.” Kiyone arched an eyebrow. Had Mihoshi changed
since
the academy?
        “Captain Makibi Sir!”
        “Yes Detective?”
        “May I speak freely Sir?”
        “Yes, you may.”
        Mihoshi glomped her. “Argggaa!” Kiyone screamed.
        “Oh, Kiyone! It’s been so long! How have you been? I haven’t seen
you in
years!
You made Captain! Good for you! Any new boys I should know about?” she
winked.
        “Detective!” Kiyone bellowed.
        Mihoshi snapped back to attention.
        “Don’t ever do that again!” Kiyone barked at her.
        “No sir! I wont sir!”
        “Good. Now who is this young man with you?”
        Tenchi opened his mouth to tell her his name, but Mihoshi bellowed
out
before he
could, “His name is Lord Tenchi Masaki, Crown Prince to the Thrown of
Juri, SIR!”
        Both Kiyone and Tenchi were a little blown away by the force of
Mihoshi’s voice,
“Thank you Detective. Lord Tenchi,” Kiyone asked turning to him, “May I
see the
princesses?”
        “Uh..... that is.... they were napping last I knew and I’d better go
make sure
they’re up first.... just wait here for a few minutes while I go get them
up.... I’m sure you
two have lots of catching up to do any way....” Tenchi grinned stupidly,
then frowned and
dashed off.
        “What a strange boy...” Kiyone said as he ran off. Suddenly, Mihosi
was
hugging
her again.
        “So Kiyone! What have you been up to lately?”
        “I thought I told you....” she looked at Mihoshi and saw her big
blue
eyes there.
She remembered suddenly how back at the academy, even though she disliked
Mihoshi so
much, she had always confided in her. Like Mihoshi was some how the
closest thing she’d
ever had to a best friend....
        Kiyone sighed. “Come on Mihoshi. We’ll talk while I go make my
report to
HQ.....”

        Hiro pushed the door open slowly and stepped out into what looked
like a
fairly
normal hall way. Wooden floors. His bare feet brushed lightly against the
floor boards.
They were new, as if they had been replaced recently....
        That lab had been huge! He wore his pants from the night before, but
he
hadn’t
been able to find any of his other clothing. His bare chest glistened
with sweat as he
walked slowly down the hall way, out into a living area. There was a
large scorch mark on
one wall, and what looked to be electrical burns all along another. What
had happened
here?
        Hiro was suddenly bowled off his feet and knocked to the floor. He
looked over,
slightly dazed at what had knocked him down and saw two girls, one with
wild blue hair,
and the other with long neat violet hair. They seemed to be having quite
a fight. Hiro
wondered why for only a moment, then they started rolling at him.
        “Ahhh!” he yelled and covered his face with his arms to protect
himself
from the
clawing nails of the girls. He got a scratch on his arm, but it didn’t
bleed and he was glad
that it wasn’t his face....
        Jumping up after the girls rolled over him (they seemed completely
oblivious to the
fact they had just done so) he ran for the first door he saw. Bursting
into a kitchen he
looked over to see a little girl with ruby eyes and long blue pig tails
cooking at a stove
with some sort of cat rabbit thing sitting on her head.
        She looked over at him, “Oh! Hello! You must be Hiro! Lunch will be
ready in just
a few minutes....”
        “Stay the hell away from me!” Hiro yelled at her and ran past her.
Sasami and
Ryo-Ohki looked at each other and shrugged.
        Hiro was almost to the door that lead out side when Tenchi opened it
and
walked
it. He saw Hiro and started.
        “Hiro! You’re up!”
        “Where the hell am I?”
        “You’re at my house.... didn’t Washu explain...” a look of
realisation
dawned on
Tenchi’s face, “You must have escaped from the lab with out her knowing
about it.” he
said.
        “So you’re in on it too, huh?” Hiro pushed Tenchi out of the way and
ran
out side.
        “Hiro! Wait!” Tenchi yelled after him.
        Hiro ran around the side of the house. He had to get away. There! A
stone
staircase! He’d just see where that led. He had a better chance in the
forest any way...”
        As he ran past the house on his way to the trail, the whole wall
exploded.


        Kiyone had been listening to Mihoshi go on and on about all the
things
she and her
friends had done in the short time she had been on the planet. The
constant droning was
starting to give her a head ache.
        An explosion rocked the area around the Yagami. Kiyone jumped up and
yelled,
“What was that?”
        “Oh, probably just a fight....” Mihoshi replied calmly.
        “Just a fight?!?” Kiyone checked the clip in her blaster and grabbed
Mihoshi’s arm,
“Come on!”

        Ryoko disentangled herself from Hiro. She was really getting sick of
being blasted
through walls and ending up with this guy! Why couldn’t Tenchi be in the
way just once?
        Hiro’s eyes fluttered open and he saw Ryoko. He screamed and pushed
her
away
from him. “Hey, wait up!” Ryoko said as she stood to follow him, but
Ayeka suddenly
tackled her with a flying leap. The two tumbled down a small hill and
Ryoko shoved her
away. “Not now princess, we have to catch Hiro before he hurts himself
again!”
        “Hurts himself?” Ayeka yelled at her, “You’re the one who hurt him!”
        “You’re the one who just blew a wall on top of him! Now come on!”
Ryoko
fired
back and Ayeka looked up the hill at the remains of the wall.
        “Oops.” she said, and then followed Ryoko.


        Hiro ran away from the blue haired woman. This was nuts! He had to
get
the hell
out of here!
        He dashed full speed around a corner, and barrelled right into
someone.
His mouth
filled with blood from the impact into the persons head, and he spit it
out all over.
Looking to see who he’d run into, he saw another woman, this one with
teal hair, and a
blond one behind her. They both seemed to be in some sort of uniform.
        “Does Tenchi live with a bunch of woman or what?” Hiro yelled aloud.
Then he
saw that the woman he had just knocked down had some sort of gun in a
holster by her
left breast. Deciding modesty was the least of his worries right now,
Hiro grabbed the gun
and jumped back.
        A voice behind him made him whirl. It was the wild blue haired
woman.
“Don’t
you come any closer to me!” he yelled at her and the violet haired girl,
who had just come
up behind her. Weren’t those two fighting just a minute ago?
        “Calm down sir!” the blond said to him. He turned back around and
then
dashed
back a little ways to keep the gun between the two groups of woman.
        “Some one had best tell me what the hell is going on right now, or
I’m
gonna’ start
shooting people!” Hiro screamed at them.
        “Hiro, calm down and put the gun down....” Tenchi said from the huge
hole where
the wall had just been. He and the kid with the rabbit thing were
standing there.
        “No! Who the hell are all of these girls, Tenchi? What the hell is
going
on here?”
        “Maybe I can explain.” all eyes turned to a sub space portal as
Washu
stepped out,
her hand still on her neck where Hiro had injected her.
        “Start talking bitch!” Hiro pointed the gun right at her. She didn’t
flinch.
        “First of all, you sure are mean to the person who saved your life
last
night!” she
said to him, “Knocking me out with my own injection gun, running all over
my lab, and
then calling me a bitch!”
        “What are you talking about?”
        “Last night, you fell off the roof of the school into a sub space
portal
with her,”
Washu jerked a thumb at Ryoko, who waved, “You fell into a tube where I
was going to
drain her of all of her powers, but you were in there too, so I couldn’t.
I reversed the
polarity on the device and you were hurt, but not killed. I healed you
all up, gave you a
bed to sleep in and next thing I know, you’re knocking me out.” Washu got
a look of
curiosity on her face, “You move really quietly, you know that?”
        “Yeah.” Hiro said and put the gun on Tenchi. “Now get me home now or
I’ll blow
this punk’s head off.”
        “You’ll do no such thing!” Ryoko said and appeared next to him
suddenly.
She
crushed the gun in one hand.
        Hiro looked at the crushed weapon blankly. A gleam came to his eye.
        Tenchi walked over to Washu. “Um.... Little Washu, about the whole
reversal of
polarity thing....”
        “Yes.” she said with a smirk.
        “Huh?” Ryoko asked.
        “Hiro’s genetic makeup was changed to be just like yours.”
        “What does that mean?” Ryoko asked.
        “I think you’re about to find out.” Tenchi said, noticing Hiro’s
hands
ball into fists.
        “What are you two talking abou-” the rest came out as a grunt as
Hiro
spun
quickly and slammed a fist into Ryoko’s gut, sending her flying a good
ten feet. She
jumped up.
        He was already on her. They started exchanging blows and blocks
impossibly fast.
        “How are they doing that?” Kiyone asked as Mihoshi helped her to her
feet.
        “Ryoko has innate powers made stronger by the gems that were set
into
Tenchi’s
sword, the Tenchi-Ken. She only has one right now, but that still makes
her very
powerful.” Washu explained.
        “So when Hiro’s genetic make-up was changed to be like hers, he
gained
all of her
powers.” Tenchi finished. This was just great.
        “It’ll be interesting to see who wins,” Washu said with a gleam in
her
eye, “Ryoko
has a gem, but Hiro is fuelled by rage and will.”
        “I’m gonna stop this before it gets out of hand....” Tenchi said and
started forward.
        Just then the two combatants separated and Ryoko hurled a huge
energy
ball right
at Hiro. The young man dodged it and jumped up into the air to meet her
where she was
flying. Washu almost fell over.
        “He’s using the powers already!” she exclaimed.
        They fought in mid air for a while, then separated again. This time
Ryoko held out
her hand and an energy sword appeared. “I’m ending this now.” she said.
        “Ryoko! No!” Tenchi yelled at her. She ignored him and dove at Hiro
who
looked
for an escape, but came up short.
        “Hiro! If she can do it so can you!” Washu yelled at him. It must
have
registered
somewhere in his brain, because he grit his teeth and formed and energy
sword of his own.
The two blades crossed and Hiro was blasted down into the ground, making
a small
crater. He screamed and blasted up out of it with a burst of green
energy.
        He and Ryoko exchanged blows with the swords for a solid minute then
separated
and landed on the ground not far from each other. They were just about to
go at it again
when Tenchi saw his chance while they were both on the ground and jumped
between
them with the Tenchi-Ken out.
        “Stop!” he bellowed. Both combatants stopped and looked at him.
        “But I was starting to have fun, Tenchi!” Ryoko complained.
        “Yeah, I was just getting warmed up!” Hiro said with a cross look on
his
face as
his green energy sword dissipated.
        Ryoko’s sword went away as well and Tenchi face faulted. Washu
cackled
and
walked back through her portal into her lab.
        “I acknowledge you as the superior fighter.... uh.... what was your
name?” Hiro
asked Ryoko.
        “Ryoko,” she said, “And neither of us won. We still don’t know which
of
us is
better.”
        “You seem to have a greater control over your powers then I do.
Therefor, I say
you won.”
        “Well, I can’t argue with that.”
        “Train me.”
        “What?” Ryoko looked at him like he was crazy.
        “If I’m gonna’ be stuck with these powers, then I want to know how
to
use them.
You can show me can’t you?”
        “Well, probably, but you should really talk to Washu... she created
all
these
powers and stuff. She’s my mother you know.”
        “Never would have guessed it.” Hiro said with a straight face.
        Ryoko laughed. “I think I’m gonna’ like you kid!”
        Ayeka pulled Tenchi to his feet, “Well, Lord Tenchi, it would appear
that we have
a few new house guests.”
        “Guess so....” he said with sigh. He liked the idea of having Hiro
around to talk to,
but another Ryoko.....
        He just wasn’t sure the house could stand up to it.



        A full week had passed since Hiro had broken out of the lab, and
life
was returning
to normal at the Masaki estate.
        *Well, as normal as it can be....* Tenchi thought to himself. He
earned
a wake in
the head for letting his mind wander.
        “Tenchi! Pay attention!” Yosho instructed.
        Tenchi sighed and resumed a fighting stance. Sword practice was
going
better
today then normal and he wanted to keep up the pace he’d been going at.
        Suddenly, a green blur slammed into a tree a short distance away and
fell to the
earth. Hiro pulled himself up and cracked his neck to one side.
Apparently he could take
as much abuse as Ryoko could.
        “Hiro!” she called down from above them, “Pay attention!”
        Tenchi shook his head. It got whacked again.
        “Tenchi! Pay attention!” Yosho ordered again.
        Tenchi sighed again and paid attention as Hiro blasted back into the
sky
to resume
his training.

        Ayeka grumbled and cursed as she stuffed more laundry into the
washer.
Ever
since Hiro had started training with Ryoko and Mihoshi had left with
Kiyone to get a place
in the city, she had been stuck doing all the chores. Sasami was a bit of
a help, but still
young and tiered easily. So she was doing the laundry again.
        “Why me?” she wondered to herself as she squinted at the blood stain
in
one of
Hiro’s shirts. Ryoko was going really hard on him. Maybe she should have
Sasami prepare
a nice dinner for him.... or maybe she should ask him if he wanted to go
to his favourite
place in the city to eat. She’d be more then happy to accompany him if he
wanted some one to go with.....
        *Wait a minute.* Ayeka thought to herself, *He is a handsome young
man, but my eyes are only for Tenchi.......*
        *Aren’t they?*
        She looked out the window and saw a green glow and a red glow flying
about very fast in the sky. She sighed and went back to doing the laundry.

Have a question? Want to tell me how great I am? Want to tell me how much
I suck? Want to see if there will be a Chapter 2?!?!?!?!?!?!?
E-Mail me: Japhith@Juno.com
