Tenchi Muyo! What happens next?
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter 6: A Battle in Space, and The Slumbering One Awakens
Note: I don’t own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any
of them up (well,
except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story about them. I’d say
that’s one of the
biggest forms of flattery out there, to have such a great story that
other’s want to write
about it. So please, this is a fan appreciative story, don’t sue me for
using your stuff OK?
(Believe me, you wouldn’t get too much any way....)
Warning! This Fan Fiction Contains some Launguage Which may be ill suited
for younger readers. Parental Discrestion is advised!
        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

        “Washu!” Kiyone said into her wrist comunicator.
        “What?” came the diminutive scientist’s reply.
        “We have a problom here. How’re the others?”
        “I checked in with Mihoshi, and she said that she and Brice were
fine.
Nobuyuki
assured me everything was fine on the home front as well. What’s wrong
there?”
        “They took Ayeka.” Kiyone said softly as she looked over to where
Tenchi
sat on
the floor of the dorm room. He clutched in his hand a wadded up note,
written in blood,
“They left a note saying that if we don’t surrender ourselves to them,
they’ll kill her and
destroy this planet.”
        “Not kidding around this time are they? Wait a sec, Hiro wants to
say
something...” there was a click and Washu’s voice was replaced by Hiro’s.
        “Tenchi! Can you hear me? We’re going after her! Now! Kiyone, fire
up
the
Yagami and get Mihoshi to get Yukinojo ready. I’m going to Lowrider right
now, and
Ryoko’s already gone to get Ryo-Ohki. We have a small fleet here, most of
them battle
ships. We’ll show the KalMor that we’re not to be fucked with.” there was
a click and
Washu came back on,
        “He certinly makes up his mind quick doesn’t he?” she said.
        “Washu, can you get him back? We have to think through this one. I
don’t
want
Ayeka to end up dead because we just flew out to fight instead of
weighing our options.”
        “Ryoko and I will go first in Ryo-Ohki,” Tenchi said suddenly,
“we’ll
get to Ayeka
and save her, then we’ll blast apart their ship.”
        “Washu, we have a plan.” Kiyone said, “Can you get a portal up for
Tenchi? He
needs to go with Ryoko. I’ll go to Yagami and order Mihoshi to Yukinojo.”
        “Will you need a co-pilot?” Washu asked.
        “Naw, I’ll grab Brice. He can fly pretty good.”
        “Damn...”
        “I think you should go with Hiro. Make sure he’s okay for me?”
        “I’ll do that.”
        “Thanks. Kiyone out.”
        “Washu out.”
        A portal opened for Tenchi, and Kiyone pinched her earing. She was
suddenly
engulfed in a blue light, and then vanished. Tenchi walked through the
portal with a grim
look on his face.


        Hiro was doing the final system checks when Washu hopped into the
co-pilot’s
chair, “You about ready?”
        “Where do you think you’re going?” Hiro asked her.
        “With you. I’m your co-pilot.”
        “Says who?”
        “Kiyone asked me to go with you and make sure you didn’t do any
thing
dumb. I
thought it was a good idea.” Washu flipped a few switches and hit a few
keys on her
control consoul.
        “Washu voice commands loaded.” Lowrider said.
        “How’d you do that?” Hiro looked at his disply. She had opened some
file
in the
memory to give her control through voice command, like his.
        “I DID build this ship....” Washu said.
        “You’re right... I guess I’ll just have to show you what it can
do...”
        “I know what it can do, and I plan on staying out of the cockpit
when we
enter
battle. I’ll be in the tech room keeping us running if we get hit. You
just blast every last
enemy out of the sky.”
        “How many are you expecting?” Hiro asked as the final system check
ended
and
the thrusters roared to life.
        “I scaned orbit. There’s at least 45 ships out there.”
        “45?!?” Hiro yelled, “That’s too many! We can’t do that!”
        “I told you, I know what this ship can do! We could do it our selfs
if
we wanted,
but we’d take too much damage. We can do it. The only thing that worries
me is the flag
ship.”
        “Why’s that?”
        “You remember the stories I told you about my design for the Soja?”
        “Kagato’s ship? Yeah, what about them?”
        “It’s about that big, and it looks to be a carbon copy, with
upgraded
weapons and
systems. That we’ll have to take out from the inside.”
        “Damn.” Hiro looked down at his disply, “We’re ready.”
        “High orbit then. We’ll break away to fight, but not until we get
word
from Ryoko
and Tenchi.” Washu reached out and found Ryoko’s mind. They were almost
there...

        Ryoko landed without a sound. She set Tenchi down and he pulled the
Tenchi-ken
out. It hummed to life. Ryoko formed a sword of her own and they moved
off down the
hall way off the flag ship in silence.
        Tenchi’s Juri battle suit stood in stark contrast to Ryoko’s red and
black, but they
both held simular looks in their eyes. Death to enemies.
        The first ones came in the form of a patrol. Ryoko rounded a corrner
and
ran full
into on of them. Tenchi bolted out and cut down two of them before they
could even
shout out in suprise. Ryoko ran the one she had run into through and
kicked him away
from her. The fourth and last man in the patrol lunged for an alarm
panle, but Tenchi
sliced his arm off at the elbow before he could reach it.
        The man screamed in pain, but Ryoko ended that quickly enough. They
moved on.

        Ayeka opened her eyes. She sat in a chair, unbound and free to move
about.
Looking around, she saw herself on what looked like the bridge of a ship.
Seliph stood at
one end, looking out the huge windows into space. The earth could be seen
prominetly, as
well as a fleet of pirate ships and war ships before them. In the
distence, Ayeka could
make out the bright red of the Yagami, and the green color of the
Lowrider. She knew
Ryo-Ohki was out there somewhere, and Yukinojo too. She just hoped her
friends would
be able to find her before the KalMor decided to kill her...
        “You’re awake.” Seliph said as he walked over. Ayeka looked at him
and
concentrated. She wasn’t suprised this time. Power logs started to form
around the leader
of the KalMor, and energy crackled between them.
        “You will pay for kidnaping the First Princess of the Juri Royal
Family!” she
shouted at him as she changed into her battle suit. Energy blasted Seliph
and he laughed.
        “You can’t hurt me with that puny power, Princess!” he yelled and
surged
forward. He back handed her across the floor and she slid to a stop by
hitting the far wall.
Blood filled her mouth and she spit it out.
        “Now that we’ve established that you can’t defeat me, let’s just
watch
the fun!” he
said with a wicked laugh. A view screen popped up and showed Tenchi and
Ryoko
moving through the corridors of the ship, fighting now and then, but
making steady
progress, “You’re friends are good, but not good enough. They may beat my
guards, but I
will destroy them myself.”
        “Tenchi will defeat you...” Ayeka wispered.
        “I don’t think so. Not even the Lighthawk Wings stand a chance
against
my
power.” Ayeka gasped. Nothing could defeat the Lighthawk Wings! They were
the
ultimate power sorce!
        “Don’t be so shocked, Princess! Just wait and see...” Seliph laughed
an
evil and
disturbing laugh. Ayeka felt tears start to roll down her cheeks.

        “Now!” Tenchi shouted and Ryoko threw a blast of energy at the door.
It
exploded in and they rushed into a large room, much like the one they had
fought Kagato
in, only without the organ.
        “This looks familure...” Ryoko said as she looked around.
        “It should,” Seliph said as he materialized in front of them, “I
designed it to look
just like the Soja so that I would have a slight pyscological edge. As
long as it gives you
the willys I’m on top.” he grinned at them.
        “Where’s Ayeka?” Tenchi demanded.
        “Intorductions first! I’m Seliph, leader of the KalMor,” he put one
hand
out.
Ryoko and Tenchi both noted the lack of mechanical enhancement to blast
with, “and you
two are dead!” he shouted as a huge black ball of energy blasted at them.
They both
sprung aside, and the blast ripped a huge hole in the ground.
        Ryoko rolled and looked for her attacker. She saw Ayeka instead. A
surge
of
energy drew her attention back to Tenchi. He had formed the Lighthawk
Wings.
        “Huh. This fight’s over.” she mumbled and flew over to Ayeka, “You
okay,
Princess?”
        “He said he could defeat the Lighthawk Wings...” Ayeka said saddly.
        “He’s bluffing! Nothing can defeat those things!”
        “He brushed aside my Juri power like it was nothing though. He just
batted me
away....”
        Ryoko looked back at Tenchi. Seliph was standing before him with an
energy
sword in one hand.

        “They have Ayeka.” Washu said.
        “Let’s hit it.” Hiro said into the com link to the other two ships.
Washu jumped up
and dashed out of the cockpit and it started to glow green, “Now,” Hiro
said, “Let’s see
what you can do in acually combat, Lowrider.”
        “Aye sir.” it responded.
        The ship blasted forward.

        Kiyone watched as Lowrider spun off into the fleet in front of them.
Two
ships
were blown to bits in a matter of seconds. This wouldn’t be that hard
after all.
        “Brice,” she ordered her co-pilot, “let’s see what the sub-space
disruptors that
Washu put on Yagami can do.”
        “You got it, Captain.” he said with a grin. Taking control of the
weapon
system,
he prepared to fire as Kiyone blasted into combat.

        “Now Mihoshi, this is just like the game we play with the
holograms...”
Yukinojo
said to the blond, “Just look for the big red numbers over the ships on
your display. The
more points you get, the faster you win the game.”
        “Oh!” Mihoshi happily grabbed hold of the controls, “Okay! Let’s go
you
bad
guys! Blam blam blam!” she shouted as she started fiering. Pirate ships
started to get hit
left and right.
        Yukinojo would have sighed in relife if AI systems could sigh.

        Tenchi hit the wall. Seliph pounded a fist into his gut, smashing a
hole
in the wall
to go along with the indention the poor young man had already made.
        “What is going on?” Ryoko yelled, “He’s just walking right through
the
Lighthawk
Wings!”
        “He’s projecting a feild of Anti-Juri energy.” Ayeka said.
        “What?” Ryoko looked at her.
        “Some how, he found a way to negate Juri power. Not even Tsunami
could
defeat
him I’m afraid.”
        “Maybe not,” Ryoko said, “But my power’s not Juri power...” she flew
into the
air, then decended quickly.
        She swung a fist down and Seliph doged to one side without ever
looking
at her.
Ryoko had been expecting the move however and lashed out with one foot.
She hit him in
the gut and he bent over. A double fisted slam pounded him almost all the
way across the
room and he smashed through a collum.
        “Tenchi!” Ryoko pulled him out of the rubble heap, “Tenchi you need
to
help me!”
        “I can’t Ryoko! The Lighthawk Wings aren’t working against him.”
Tenchi
looked
like he’d lost all hope.
        “Juri power can’t hurt him, but my power isn’t Juri power! I can
beat
him!”
        “You need the last gem...” Tenchi said as the realization dawned on
him,
he pulled
out the Tenchi-ken, and placed it against her chest. He closed his eyes.
        A red gem apeared on Ryoko’s right wrist.
        “Ha!” Ryoko said as she flew away suddenly and caught Seliph by the
throat as he
was flying back at them. She lifted him up as she flew high into the air
and then punted
him across the room into a wall. He hit it and blasted a large hole in
it. He flew back out
and was met with a volly of energy blasts.
        “Damn you Ryoko!” Seliph screamed as he flew out of the explostion.
He
hit her
across the face and then kicked her down to the ground. He appeared below
her before
she hit and let her back slam across his knee. She bent almost in half
and screamed in pain
as he flipped her to the ground and stomped on her head.
        Tenchi pulled himself up and charged the evil man, the Lighthawk
Wings
glowing
with a white intensity. Seliph turned and held out a hand. The black
energy blast hit Tenchi
square in the chest and blew him back into the pillar Ayeka sat next to.
        “Tenchi!” she cried out and crawled to his side.
        Seliph turned his attention back to Ryoko in time to see her light
sword
slice
through his leg.
        “Graaaa!!” He yelled and flew up into the air. His leg reformed
instently, but
Ryoko was already on him again. They began to exchange blows with their
swords.
        “I’ll kill you!” Ryoko screamed at him.
        “I don’t think so.” Seliph said calmly and a surge of energy blasted
from his body.

        Lowrider darted around another ship and strafed it with plasma
cannons.
It
disipitated in a shower of anti-matter.
        Hiro spun the ship around almost in place and blasted several shots
from
his
sub-space disruptors, scoring hits on three other ships. A huge blast
blew two of them up,
and then a small GP ship flew by the other, and it exploded as well. The
green glow inside
Hiro’s cockpit faded.
        “All enimies defeated.” Lowrider reported.
        “Not yet.” Hiro said as he looked to the huge flag ship. He moved
the
Lowrider in
that direction, and heard Washu’s voice over the com link.
        “Damage reports?”
        “Yukinojo took a few hits,” Mihoshi said, “I’m docking with the
Yagami.”

        “Fine with me,” Kiyone replied, “but we took several aft hits.
Thanks
for getting
that bastard off of us by the way Hiro.”
        “I did that?”
        “You don’t remember?”
        “Not really.... I was just shooting at the red glowing ships. You
guys
were blue so
I didn’t shoot at the blue things.”
        Washu burst into the cockpit and looked wildly at Hiro. Her eyes
were
puffy.
        “You’ve been crying?” Hiro asked.
        “Tenchi’s Lighthawk wings are having no effect against Seliph!” she
shouted, “and
Ryoko can’t hold out for much longer against him!”
        “Who the hell is Seliph?” Hiro asked, already setting a corse for
the
flag ship.
        “The leader of the KalMor...” Washu said, “He’s very powerful.
Tenchi
gave
Ryoko the last gem, but even that can’t seem to faze him!”
        “Damn.” Hiro breathed. He hit spoke into the com link, “Kiyone! You
guys
hang
back and be ready to back us up. We’re going in to the flag ship to help
Tenchi and
Ryoko. This might get a little narly, so those of us that can take
massive amounts of abuse
are the only one’s going, got it?”
        “I hear you.” Kiyone said with disapointment in her voice, “But you
come
back to
me in one piece, you hear me?”
        “I hear you. Don’t worry about me.”
        “Be careful out there kid,” Brice said, “you wouldn’t want to upset
such
a pretty
lady now would you?”
        “She’d kill me if I died today.” Hiro laughed, “I just don’t want to
piss her off!”
        “Great...” Kiyone sounded a little less afraid, “Yagami out.”
        “Lowrider out.”

        Kiyone sat in the cockpit of the Yagami with Brice by her side. As
Mihoshi walked
in, they watched the Lowrider aproch the massive flag ship. The blond
looked down to see
a single tear slide down her commanding officer’s face.
        “Kiyone? Are you okay?” she asked.
        Suddenly Kiyone spun around and threw her arms around her best
friend.
She
sobbed, and Mihoshi held her.

        Hiro flew right up to the hull of the ship, “You’re sure?” he asked.
        “They’re right above this deck.” Washu said, “And if we enter here,
we
can get to
them without sucking them out into space.”
        “Alright.” Hiro said and pushed a button. The Lowrider fiered a
short
blast and a
hole was blown in the side of the ship. He moved them forward and grit
his teeth as his
ship wedged it’s self into the hole, sealing it shut.
        “That wasn’t so bad...” Washu said jumping up.
        “I bet it fucked up my paint job though....” Hiro complained and ran
after her.

        Ryoko held up the sheild again, and again she was blasted back
another
few feet.
She was getting closer and closer to Tenchi and Ayeka every time Seliph
blasted her, and
her power was fading fast. By the time he pushed her back to her friends,
she wouldn’t be
able to hold the sheild up any longer.
        Seliph fierd again, not giving her a chance to recover. He laughed
as
she put up the
sheild again, “You can’t win, Ryoko! Why even try?”
        “You’ll be sorry.” she growled at him. He frowned and blasted her
again.
Why did
the fool woman keep trying to defy him? It wasn’t like anyone in the
universe could stop
him...
        Seliph powered up for another blast. He would make this one
stronger,
just to
show her that he hadn’t reached his full power level yet. As the black
ball of energy
formed, he got a sudden sinking feeling.
        Then suddenly, he was sinking.
        Hiro’s hands smashed up through the floor and grabbed his ankles,
pulling him
down through. The energy disipatated, and he sceamed in rage as the young
warrior
hurled him at the ground of the large room below the previous combat
area.
        Seliph hit the ground and made a small crater. He pulled himself up
out
of it and
glared up at Hiro. How did this one have such power? He noiteced a green
glow coming
from his attackers left wrist. So he had one of those strange gems too?
No problom, he
would die just like the others.
        Hiro stared down at Seliph and met the mans gaze. He didn’t look so
tough...
        Suddenly, Seliph was right in front of him, and slugged him with an
upper cut,
smashing him back up through the floor into the room where Ryoko and the
others were.
Seliph followed close behind and spun and kicked Hiro’s limp body across
the room as if
he was a rag doll. Hiro slammed into a pillar and fell to the ground.
Ryoko was by his side
in a heart beat.
        “Hiro!” she said to him, “Get up! We have to fight him!”
        Hiro spit blood and looked up at her, “I’m down for now babe...” he
gripped her
hand, “But you can beat him... I know you can...” Ryoko felt a sudden
surge of power,
and her eyes got wide.
        “NO! Hiro, you can’t heal properly without the gem! HIRO!” she
screamed
but
the gem appeared on her left ear any way. He slumped over.
        “Oh, did your boyfriend die?” Seliph laughed at her.
        “I’ll kill you.” she said in a grim tone.
        “You said that before.”
        “I was just kidding before. Now I’m gonna’ kill you.” Ryoko stood
up. He
saw the
thrid gem.
        “Ah! Interesting! Let’s see what you can do with that little thing
now!”

        “Mom!” Ryoko called out to Washu, who stood over Tenchi, making sure
he
was
alright, “Get everyone out of here.”
        “Uh oh...” Washu said, seeing the third gem. She touched Tenchi, and
then Ayeka,
and they vanished. Trotting across the room, she lifted Hiro off the
ground as much as she
could, “You be careful, daughter.”
        “I will Mom. Love you.”
        “I love you too, Little Ryoko...” Washu’s eyes clouded up and she
and
Hiro
dissapeared.
        “How did she sneak in with out me detecting her?” Seliph wondered
aloud.
        “Oh, Washu can do all sorts of weird stuff.” Ryoko grinned, “That’s
my
Mom for
ya!”
        “So that was the infamous Washu! Lady Tokemi still wants to have a
little chat
with her...”
        “How do you know about Lady Tokemi?” Ryoko demanded. This might
explain
a
few things.
        “Did I forget to mention that?” Seliph said, “She’s the one who
granted
me the
Anti-Juri power, and made it possiable to achive my dream of destroying
the Empire!”
        “So that’s why Tenchi and Ayeka couldn’t even dent you! But then...
my
power
isn’t Juri power is it?” Ryoko grinned.
        “No, it’s something very different...” Seliph replied, “And that’s
why
I’m going to
rip those gem’s out of your cold, dead flesh!” he screamed and flew at
her at an imposibal
speed.
        Suddenly, it seemed to Ryoko like he was barely moving fast at all.
The
power
level of all three gems suddenly came back to her in one big rush. It had
been a while...
        As Seliph flew down at her, Ryoko reached out and caught his arm.
She
flew up
into the air and spun him around as fast as she could. Feeling his arm
pop out of joint gave
her a warm fuzzy feeling deep inside. She laughed as she let go of him
and he was blasted
through the hull of the ship into outerspace.
        Knowing that he could probobly breath out there, Ryoko teleported
out to
him. He
indeed could breath and looked some what shaken up by the power she had
just displayed.
He spoke, and even though there was no air to carry the sound of his
voice to the sapce
pirates ears, she heard him plain as day.
        “You should not have done that.” he said, and held out one hand. The
flag ship
seemed to suddenly implode and become the size of a small metor in a
matter of seconds.
He flipped his wrist and it was flung away at the sun, “Wont need that
any more...” he
grinned.
        “So you can crush your ship and fling it away...” Ryoko smirked,
“but
can you
take this?” she flung a ball of red energy at him so large and so intense
that she lost track
of where he was when it neared him. She smiled as it hit it’s mark and...
        Stopped. It suddenly grew veins of black energy, then became
entierly
black. It
dissipated in a few seconds, and Seliph floated where he had been, one
hand extended.
Black energy crackled along his body, and he had taken on a much more
frightening
apearence. His eyes were jet black, and his fingers had claws. Fangs
filled his mouth, and
his limbs seemed to have bulked up. Evil radiated from him.
        Ryoko gasped as a sharp pain in her gut suddenly hit. She looked
down to
see
Seliph’s arm. He had flew to her and hit her that fast. She hadn’t even
seen him...
        “You are nothing to my power....” he wispered in her ear and pointed
her
at the
Lowrider, which floated a few kilometers away.

        Tenchi and Washu stood in the cockpit, watching the battle.
        “He just absorbed her blast...” Tenchi said. Washu remained silent.
That
wasn’t a
good sign. She thought for sure that Ryoko had more power then any thing
in the universe
when she had all three gems. The greatest scintific mind in the universe
after all, didn’t
make junk, and she had made Ryoko....
        Suddenly, a huge blast of black energy crackled and expanded where
the
two
combatents were. It surged forward and the energy crackled along Tenchi’s
body in a
matter of seconds. He screamed and writhed in agony. Washu caught him as
he fell to the
floor, but there was nothing she could do for him. Blood began to flow
from his nose and
mouth, and then his ears and eyes. She sobbed tears of sorow as he began
to slowly die.
        Ayeka’s scream could be heard from some where down the hall in the
med
bay.
Hom much more could they stand? The surge stopped, and Tenchi lay limp,
still oozing
blood. Washu laid him down and stood to look out the window.
        She fell back into a chair when she saw what was before the
Lowrider.
        Ryoko floated in space, just out side the cockpit, a huge black burn
mark on her
chest. Washu could see the internal damage that had been done, and that
it wasn’t healing
very fast. There was no way she would be able to get Ryoko in to the
Lowrider in time to
save her AND Tenchi AND Ayeka too.... all of her family was dying about
her and she
was powerless to help.
        “Washu! What was that?” Kiyone’s voice crackled over the com link,
“Washu? Oh
no...”
        “Kiyone.... I....” Washu choked on her words as she saw the black
form
of Seliph
aproching. He was evil... his power was tremendous....
        Suddenly, one name raced through her mind.
        Tokemi.
        That name brought with it a deep hatred, fostered over thousands of
years.
        Then another name flashed into her mind.
        Tsunami.
        This name brought with it hope and love. Love for a sister...
        The last name that blazed in her mind was the most meaningful of
all.
        Washu.
        She knew. Just like that, it all came back to her. The battle, the
loss,
the evil plan
of her older sister, and the exile of her younger sister. The demotion
from her station to
that of a mortal....
        “Washu?” Kiyone’s voice sobbed though the com link, “If you can hear
me,
please
say something!” the GP woman screamed the last few words.
        Washu would have hit the com button and told Kiyone not to worry,
that
everything was going to be alright.
        But Washu wasn’t in the cockpit any more....

        Seliph flew at the green ship. It would all be over when he finished
the
brat with
the gems and took Washu. Then he could kill the rest and be back to Lady
Tokemi in a
matter of minutes. Nothing would stop him. His goal was in sight.
        He was only a kilometer away when he saw her. Floating out side the
ship, a
woman dressed in a long flowing black and grew dress with a high collor
was healing the
wounds of the brat. That red hair seemed so familure.
        “Washu...” he yelled, “I’ve come to get you!”
        “I’m not going to see Tokemi,” Washu was suddenly right in front of
him
and he
had stopped moving, “Not yet any way. I need to talk to Tsunami first.”
        “What are you talking about?” Seliph shouted. He couldn’t move...
        “You’ve caused me far too much strife. I judge you as unfit to exist
any
longer.”
Washu held out her right hand and his eyes grew wide, “Begone.” she said,
and he was.
        The Middle Goddess turned back to the scene before her. The Lowrider
floated
there, with Ryoko and Tenchi both in the seats in the cockpit. Ayeka had
been healed, and
so had Hiro. A thought came to her and she smiled sadly.
        “It’s time to go home now.” she said, and then the Lowrider, the
Yagami,
and all
the blasted parts of all the destroyed ships were gone.

        Tenchi opened his eyes slowly. He sat up suddenly and looked around.
Seeing
Washu, sitting on the sofa of his living room, sipping some tea, dressed
in a funny dress,
calmed him a bit. Where were the others?
        “Washu?” he asked, knowing she would know what he wanted.
        “You’re the first one to wake up for once, Tenchi.” Washu said, not
looking at
him, but setting the cup of tea down, “The others are all fine, but still
resting. Don’t worry
about them. There is something else important that you should know
about.”
        It was then that Tenchi noticed Sasami and his father sitting a
short
distence away
from Washu. Sasami had her face burried in Nobuyuki’s sweater, sobbing,
and silent tears
rolled down the elder Masaki man’s face.
        “What happened?” Tenchi asked, suddenly very frightened.
        Nobuyuki looked up, a look of true sorrow on his face, “Tenchi, your
Grandfather
died.”

        Washu sat with Tenchi on a grassy hill over looking the lake and the
house, back in
her normal clothing, but still with a change about her. They both stared
off into the blue
sky, Washu with her arms hugging her knees to her chest, and Tenchi
sitting corss leged,
with his hands in his lap.
        Tenchi broke the long silence finnally, “It was the gems, wasn’t
it?”
        “Yes,” Washu replied, “when the last gem left the Tenchi-Ken, the
power
that had
been sustaining the tree Fanaho, Yosho’s life sorce, left as well. The
link was broken, the
tree lost it’s power, and Yosho’s years caught up to him. He knew it
would happen some
day...”
        “I killed him.” Tenchi said.
        “No, you just brought a very full, very happy life to an end. He was
ready to go at
any time Tenchi, you know that deep inside.” Washu put a hand on his
shoulder as the
tears started to come to him again.
        “I was so stupid... I should have relised...” Tenchi looked up at
her,
“But I did the
right thing didn’t I?”
        “Yes you did, and I know Yosho would agree with you.” she smiled at
him.
        “But how can we be sure?” Tenchi asked in an anguished voice.
        “I asked him.” Washu said with an even wider smile.
        “You what?” Tenchi sat up, “But.... how?” he was confused now more
then
he
was sad.
        “Tenchi, let me tell you a story.” Washu sat back and looked up at
the
sky again,
“Long ago, there were three sisters who created the whole of existence.
One Represnted
the good and the light, and her name was Tsunami. One represented the
dark and the evil,
and her name was Tokemi. There was a third sister also, who was the
balence between the
two making sure that neither would gain too much influence in the hearts
of the mortals
they had created together.
        “One day, Tokemi hatched a plan. She was the eldest sister and held
great power.
She knew she couldn’t beat both of her other sisters together, but she
might have a chance
individually. She waited until Tsunami was vulnerable, then exiled her
into only a single
deminstion. After this the middle Goddess tried to stop her sister from
taking over all of
exictece, but was almost killed. It was only through Tsunami’s quick
intervention with the
last of her power that could reach into other deminstion that she was
able to draw her
sister’s life force into the deminstion she was trapped in, and turn her
into a mortal to save
her life, and hide her from Tokemi.
        “That middle Goddess was called Washu, and that day when she was
demoted
to a
mortal was the day my life began. The power was always inside me you see,
but I had to
find it for myself. Tsunami helpped when she could, but Seliph was the
one who made me
remember my true self.”
        “So you’re... a Goddess?” Tenchi gulped.
        “Yes, and that is how I was able to talk with Yosho. He is happy
where
he is now,
with Tsunami and all the other Jurians who have died. He says he wishes
you the best and
wishes he could see you all again.”
        “Washu... thank you...” Tenchi said, and hugged her.
        “Please Tenchi....”
        “Yes Washu?”
        “Call me Little Washu!” she said and batter her eyes. Tenchi face
faulted.
        “I do have an important question to ask you though...” she said
after he
had
recovered.
        “What’s that Little Washu?” he asked, laughing a bit.
        “Do you want me to bring him back?”
        “You could do that?”
        “It is within my power.” Washu nodded.
        “Well... um.....” Tenchi bowed his head in thought for a moment,
“No. If
he’s
truely happy where he is, then I want him to remain happy. We’ll hold his
funural here,
tomarow.”
        “Why not today?” Washu asked.
        “I have to prepare the body,” Tenchi gulped back tears, “And pray
over
his soul
for a night. It is the way it has to be done.”
        “Are you planing on taking over the shrine for him then?” Washu
asked
with a
smile, “You are first in line for the thrown now that he’s gone you
know...”
        “No, I’ll stay here and take over for him. I’m sure he’d be happy
with
my choice.”
Tenchi smiled, “Besides, Ayeka would make a much better ruler then I
would.”
        “Very well. I will stay with you then.” Washu stood up and helped
him to
his feet.
        “Aren’t you going to help Tsunami fight Tokemi?” Tenchi asked.
        “Oh, I’m sure we will some day, but not before she and Sasami become
one. Then
I will have to free her from her exile, and then we will punish Tokemi
acordingly. Until
then though, we should all try to live normally.” Washu smiled as she and
Tenchi started
walking back to the house. They could see the others on the porch now,
and they waved.
        “I don’t know if I’ll be able to live a normal life now that I know
we
have TWO
Goddesses living under our roof....” Tenchi said.
        “Let’s make that our little secret, okay Tenchi?”
        “What ever you want Little Washu....”
        “I just don’t want Ryoko to know that she’s a demi-goddess yet....”
        Tenchi tripped and tumbled the rest of the way down the hill. Washu
giggled, and
then let out a full belly laugh. Oh, what advantures they would have now!

        The funural was short and proper. They laid Yosho’s body to rest
next to
his
daughters, Tenchi’s mother. Tenchi resided over the ceromony, and
everyone there
commented afterwards on how good he had been at it. No one shed a tear,
because
Tsunami had spoken to them through Sasami, telling them what had become
of Yosho.
They were all glad for him, but sad at the loss of a dear and close
family member.
        After the funural, everyone split up to mourn in their own ways.
Kiyone
and
Mihosh went back to the house and had a heart to heart. (Brice had gone
back into town,
saying that he didn’t want to inturude on a family event) Ryoko and Washu
went off to
Ryoko’s old cave and wept quietly together, smiling that everything had
turned out good
in the end. Hiro flew out to the tree Fanaho and sat in one of it’s
branches humming an old
song that he had heard the old Shinto Priest hum more then once. Nobuyuki
sat by
Tenchi’s side at the grave for several hours, praying over it to ensure
that no evil would
disturb it. He left then and told his son that he was tiered, and was
going back to the house
to lay down.
        Ayeka and Sasami had gone off to a feild and talked about the loss
for a
long
while, and they wandered back to the grave site after a few hours. They
found Tenchi
there, still sitting and staring at the head stone. They sat with him,
and soon, they were
telling stories to Katsuhito, and to Yosho, about things they remembered
about him, how
much they loved him, and how much they would miss him. Sasami excused
herself around
dusk, saying that she had to go prepare dinner, and Ayeka and Tenchi sat
in silence for
several minutes.
        “You know, I loved him just as much as I love you Tenchi.” Ayeka
said
finnally.
        “I know. I guess it’s hard to get over something like that...”
Tenchi
said.
        “It is.... but he’s gone now. You are the only one I could ever want
to
be with
Tenchi.”
        “I love you, Princess Ayeka.”
        “And I love you, Tenchi Masaki, Shinto Priest of the Masaki
shrine....”
        They kissed and held each other for an hour or so, then, hand in
hand,
walked back
to the house to eat.

        It seemed that everyone showed up almost all at once to the dinner
table. Sasami
was delighted of corse at this development, and served a wonderful meal
to all of them. As
they finished off a desert of Carrot Cheese Cake, which was Yosho’s (and
Ryo-Ohki’s)
favorit, Ayeka laid her head on Tenchi’s shoulder and said,
        “You know, what I still can’t figure out is, how did we win?” she
looked
around at
everyone and they all held blank expresstions.
        “That’s a good question... how did we win?” Ryoko said, “I was
blasted
good...
how did I heal so fast? I know I couldn’t have done it, even when I did
have all three
gems...” she had given one back to Hiro, who had excepted it only on the
condition that
she never give him any more.
        “Well, Washu was the only one who was still up and running on the
Lowrider
when Seliph was almost to it.” Kiyone said, “I mean, he was there one
minute and the next
he wasn’t... what did you do Washu?”
        “Well...” Washu looked Tenchi in the eye, “I redirected the power
from
Lowrider’s drive control system to the dimenstional distruptors, and then
boosted they’re
out-put levels by 200% and filtered them through the plasma distruptors.
That caused a
momentray blip in the space time continum that reversed time for a second
then moved it
forward by a second, and that yanked Seliph into a different dimenstion
half way, but the
other half of him was pushed through when the sub-space back lash kicked
in and-”
        “Just stop...” Ryoko said, massaging her temples, “You blasted him
with
some
weird gun, he’s gone. We get the picture....”
        “Okay...” Washu shrugged her shoulders. She noticed Kiyone looking
at
her with a
sceptical look, and she sent a thought in the GP woman’s direction, “I’ll
tell you latter...”
That made Kiyone sit up a little straighter, but she calmed down quickly.
She winked at
the red haired woman, and Washu winked back.
        Tenchi sighed and ran a hand through Ayeka’s hair. It had been a
long
couple of
days, and he’d be glad to acually crawl into bed for once.
        Hiro held Ryoko in his lap and they sat with they’re heads together.
Hiro made eye
contact with Kiyone, and smiled. She smiled back and gave him a ‘I’m
happy for you’
look. He blinked. She blinked. They giggled.
        “What?” Ryoko asked him.
        “Nothing dear...” he laughed.
        “No, what? What’s so funny?”
        “Nothing! I just felt like laughing! I haven’t done it in a while!”
        “Oh right! Tell me! You were laughing at me weren’t you?”
        “Why would I laugh at you?”
        “I don’t know, but you were, weren’t you?”
        “I was not!”
        “And so life returns to normal...” Tenchi sighed as the family all
got
up with looks
of exasperation on their faces and started to clear the dishes.
        “It’s Ayeka’s turn to do the dishes!” Sasami called as she walked
into
the kitchen.
        “It is not! It’s Washu’s turn!” Ayeka said.
        “Don’t try to pass your chores off on me!” Washu said as she
followed
the two
princesses through the door.
        “What’s on TV?” Mihoshi asked as she got up and wandered away.
Kiyone
growled and picked up her dishes and her best friends. Nobuyuki got up
and took his
dishes with him,
        “I’m going to try to finish those prints I was working on...” he
said.
        “Okay,” Tenchi said, “I’ll.... I don’t know what I’ll do...” he
threw
one last glance
at Hiro and Ryoko.
        “I was not!”
        “You were too!”
        Yep, life was back to normal....

Authors Notes: Oh, there’s more.... I still have to resolve a few
things.... but that’s
another series. I might work some more on the new Tenchiverse series I’ve
started,
Tenchi 2000, and do this on the side, but it’ll get done eventually. Have
any questions?
Want something cleared up? Want to flame me like a little bitch? E-Mail
me.
Japhith@Juno.com