Tenchi Muyo! What Happens Next?
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter Two: Friendships found, Love Discovered- Part One
Note: I don't own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any
of them up (well,
except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story about them. I'd say
that's one of the
biggest forms of flattery out there, to have such a great story that
other's want to write
about it. So please, this is a fan appreciative story, don't sue me for
using your stuff OK?
(Believe me, you wouldn't get too much any way....)
Note also that to understand ANY of this, you'll need to red Chapter One
first. It's
confusing otherwise....
-Jacob McDonald

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

        Tenchi looked out the window of his late morning class and yawned.
This
math was
too easy compared to the stuff that Washu had showed him. He found that
he actually like
coming to this class because he just breezed through the work.
        Hiro was good at math in the first place, so he tended to do so as
well.
Tenchi's
gaze drifted over to where Hiro was reading a book that had nothing to do
with the class at
hand. The teacher continued his boring lecture.
        Where the hell was that stupid bell?
        Almost right on cue, the bell rang and the class stood and started
gathering their
things. There would be a ten minute reprise before the next class. The
mid-day break. Then
lunch, when he could hang out with his friends and relax. School was such
a burden.
        But he did enjoy the break from his home life. The constant
squabbling
of the girls,
the almost weekly disturbances that sent them on some other new
adventure. Washu's
inventions going berserk and levelling half the house or surrounding
land....
        Hiro had moved back to his place in town, and with out him around to
keep Ryoko
busy, she had turned back to fighting with Ayeka for entertainment. He
still came twice a
week to train with her, but that was only for a few hours and the rest
was brief. As soon as
he left, the war started again.
        Now Hiro walked down the stairs of the school to the court yard with
Tenchi. They
hadn't said a word to each other yet, but that was not unusual. They both
seemed lost in
thought much of the time these days. It was almost getting to the point
where Tenchi
needed the toutering that Washu was giving him because he wasn't paying
attention in class
as much any more.
        Washu. His relationship with her had grown into a deep friendship.
Almost like she
was his aunt. He only wished his relationships with the other girls would
grow too. Ayeka
and Ryoko were still a mystery to him. Mihoshi was almost out of the
picture now that she
and Kiyone were living here in town. Kiyone was not at all attracted to
him, though very
attractive herself. Thank all the Kami for that....
        "The kids sure love this little break..." Hiro commented as they
came
out to the
court yard. Tenchi looked up. As they did everyday, the younger children
were running all
over, playing what games they could in the short time they had before
their next class, and
then lunch, when they could really play.
        "They sure do..." Tenchi replied. The two stood and watched the
children
play for
several minutes. They laughed when the kids laughed, and winced when one
of them took a
spill. It was a delightful break from the stresses of their own
complicated lives to partake
of the lives of children, even for just a few minutes.
        Suddenly, one of the kids they were watching fell forward at a full
run
and slammed
into the ground very hard. Hiro winced as he heard the child grunt and
then start to scream
in pain and embarrassment. He threw a quick half grin at Tenchi and then
jogged over the
the fallen boy, helping him to sit up and looking at his skinned knee.
        Tenchi smiled at his gruff friends tenderness. Hiro was a warm,
caring
person, deep
down somewhere in his pain filled heart. He'd gone through too much for
someone his age.
        Then again, so had Tenchi.
        It was times like these when their lives seemed almost normal that
Tenchi saw most
vividly his problems and hardships in life. He couldn't really call the
girls a hardship
though. He loved each of them in their own unique way...
        "Are you Tenchi Masaki?" a raspy voice cut through his thoughts like
a
knife,
yanking his attention to a tall man with jet black hair that fell down
almost to his eyes in the
front. He wore a long brown over coat and had black shoes on. His hands
were shoved
down into the over sized pockets of the coat, and his eyes bore into
Tenchi like twin drills.
        "Yes, that's my name. What can I do for you?" Tenchi asked, turning
to
the strange
man. This guy gave him a funny feeling.
        "The Tenchi Masaki who is also the First Crown Prince of the Empire
of
Juri?" the
man asked with an unsettling smile.
        Of course this couldn't have been a normal evil looking guy, "Yes
that's
me..." he
said with a sigh.
        "I have something for you then," the man said with an even wider
more
evil smile,
"From the KalMor."
        "The who?"
        The man pulled a blaster that looked a lot like Mihoshi's and
Kiyone's
from one of
the pockets and pointed it at him at waist level. Tenchi reached for the
Tenchi-Ken that he
had strapped to his belt under his jacket, and the man's hand tightened
on the trigger just as
the bell rang and there was a sound of another gun powering up. Tenchi
looked over the
man's shoulder to see Kiyone with a blaster right at the back of the mans
head.
        "The KalMor." Kiyone replied to Tenchi as the man's smile faded.
Hiro
looked up
from where he was wrestling with seven different kids, and his smile
vanished as well.
        "Let's get inside now kids!" he called out in a cheery voice and
herded
the children
all inside, shutting the door after them. He turned back to the three
people with blasters and
a sword.
        Kiyone explained for them, "The KalMor is a radical organization
that
thinks the
Jurians have been in power for too long and don't do anything but bully
the other nations
around anymore. They'd love to see the empire fall, and I guess that
makes Tenchi a
target," Kiyone jabbed her gun into the back of the man's head, "Doesn't
it Mag?"
        Mag smiled again, "Kiyone Makibi," he said in a suprised tone, "Did
you
follow
me all the way here?"
        "I never wanted to see you again after I put you away for the murder
of
several of
my friends in the GP," she spit at him, "How'd you get out of Galactic
Prison, Mag?"
        "I broke out, stupid. Killed nine guards too." He smiled even wider
as
she jabbed
the gun into his head again.
        "Shut up!" she yelled at him, "You have the right to remain
silent..."
        "I know my rights, and I don't care." Mag replied.
        Kiyone took out a pair of hand cuffs, "Put your hands behind your
back."
she
ordered. He complied and dropped his blaster. Once cuffed, he was whipped
around to
face her and she punched him across his face. "You bastard." she
whispered to him.
        He laughed at her. A mad laugh that unsettled Tenchi and Hiro both.
It
only mad
Kiyone madder. She hit him again but he just laughed more.
        Suddenly, an energy sword appeared in one of his hands and sliced
through his
cuffs. He swung at Kiyone who ducked and jumped aside. Tenchi rose his
own sword and
took a chop at Mag, who spun and parried it easily. They began to
exchange blows.
        Kiyone aimed at Mag but since he was moving around so much fighting
Tenchi, she
couldn't get a clear shot at him. "Damnit!" she yelled.
        Hiro was just about to fly over and help his friend when the doors
to
the school
burst open. A teacher rushed out, "What is going on here?" he yelled in a
confused voice.
        Mag pushed Tenchi away and reached into his other pocket, pulling
out
another
blaster, he took a shot at the teacher.
        Hiro jumped and tackled the man to the ground, "We have to stay
down!"
he yelled
to the teacher. No protest was heard from the frightened man as he looked
up at the
smoking hole in the wall.
        Tenchi swatted the gun from Mag's hand with a quick swipe of his
sword
and then
the battle began anew. Kiyone moved forward quietly, trying to sneak up
on Mag as she
did. If she could just get a bit closer...
        Mag and Tenchi locked blades and struggled for a few seconds.
Suddenly,
Mag's
hand came flying around and connected with Tenchi's face. Blood streamed
from the
young man's nose and mouth as he stumbled back, his sword winking out of
existence.
Mag raised his sword for a killing blow...
        Hiro saw all of this happen and quickly punched the teacher in the
back
of the head,
knocking him out. "Sorry sir..." he said as he floated up and away from
the man and
teleported right behind Mag, grabbing him in a huge bear hug that lifted
the space criminal
off the ground.
        "Kiyone!" he shouted, "Shoot him!"
        "I can't without hitting you too!" she yelled back.
        Mag elbowed Hiro in the ribs and was dropped. As Hiro tried to catch
his
lost
breath, Mag spun and jabbed his sword into Hiro. Four inches of the end
of it protruded
from Hiro's back as it burned it's way through his right lung.
        The young man looked down dumbly at the sword sticking through him
and
then
angrily at Mag, who's victory smile suddenly faded. Hiro screamed in his
face, "You
fucking bastard!" and slugged him in the face as hard as he could,
sending the man flying
back through the fence that surrounded the court yard of the school.
Kiyone popped up
right next to him, pointing her blaster at his face.
        "Ah ha!" she cried in victory. Mag scowled and with a quick motion,
sliced her gun
in two. She jumped away from him and looked down at her hand. The skin
had been
burned off her knuckles.
        Looking up, she found that Mag was no where to be found. "Damnit!"
she
screamed again.
        Rushing back to the school yard, she found Tenchi cradling Hiro in
his
arms. A
trickle of blood ran down Hiro's chin from his mouth and his breathing
was raspy.
        "Mag must have hit a lung." she said in a worried tone. Grabbing her
earring, she
called out, "Yagami!" and the ship dropped down out of it's high orbit in
a matter of
seconds. They were transported to it, and the huge red ship flew off to
the Masaki home
before any one in the town even realised that an alien space ship had
been there.

        Hiro's eyes fluttered open. He looked about and saw that he was in
the
same bed
where he had woken up the first time in Washu's lab. He looked over to
his side and saw
the diminutive scientist staring at him, fully dressed in her nurses
uniform.
        "We really have to stop meeting like this Hiro." she said to him as
he
tried to sit up
and she pushed him back down, "Lie still. You're still hurt, but I'm
healing you slowly.
That was a pretty nasty shot you took to your lung. You probably would
have died if
Tenchi and Kiyone hadn't gotten you here as quickly as they did."
        "Where-"
        "Where did they go? You shouldn't be talking either. Tenchi and
Ryoko
sat here
with you for a few hours before I sent them to go have lunch. Kiyone went
back into town
to look for leads on this Mag guy."
        Hiro closed his eyes and sighed. Washu patted his shoulder as he
fell
asleep again.
Then she frowned. If his powers were like Ryoko's he should have healed
the wound in a
matter of seconds. I would have taken a lot more then just an energy
sword to kill him.
        She contemplated the situation for several minutes while she watched
his
vital signs
on a monitor not far away. He was doing well. She'd been able to repair
the tissue damage
this time, but if it happened again, and she wasn't there...
        "We're back!" Tenchi called as he walked into the med bay of the
lab. He
and
Ryoko walked in, looking less hungry, but still just as concerned.
        "How is he?" Ryoko asked as she walked over and put her hands on the
edge of
the bed, staring down at her student with true concern in her eyes.
        "He woke up for a minute, and I explained what had happened to him,
but
then he
went back to sleep," Washu looked at Ryoko's hands annoyingly. She knew
better then to
lean of the med beds, "It's probably best that he be asleep right now
since..." she trailed off
as she stared at Ryoko's hands.
        "Since what?" Ryoko asked turning to the short red haired woman.
        "That's it!" Washu exclaimed grabbing Ryoko's left hand.
        "What?" Ryoko asked as she tried to yank her hand away from Washu.
The
little
scientist held on tight though.
        "The gem!" Washu said flipping her daughter's hand over and pointing
to
the gem
embedded in her wrist, "That's why you can heal so quickly and Hiro
can't! You have the
gem to boost your power level! It's almost impossible to hurt you when
you have all three!
I remember that now! How could I have been so stupid..."
        "What are you saying Little Washu?" Tenchi asked.
        "Well, if Hiro is going to fight with us, then he'll need one of the
gems. You should
be able to give him one the same way you gave one to Ryoko..."
        "No wait just a minute!" Ryoko said in an angry voice, "If it means
I'll
have to give
my gems to him, I don't think I want him to fight with us!"
        "Ryoko, you shouldn't be so selfish..." Tenchi began.
        "No! Not this time Tenchi!" Ryoko screamed at him. He took a step
back
from her
furry, "You don't understand! Those gems are a part of me! They're mine!
I don't want
him to take those from me! I really wish you'd give them back to me now!
But I don't ask,
because I know..." she paused as a sob wracked her body, "I know you'd
all be to
frightened to even talk to me if I had them!" she turned away from Tenchi
and her mother
and started to walk away.
        "Ryoko..." Tenchi began as he reached a hand out for her. She turned
and
swatted
his hand aside, giving him a look of hurt and anguish. She disappeared.
        "Ryoko!" Tenchi called as he ran forward to where she had just been
standing.
        "Let her be for now Tenchi." Washu said, "I know where she is and
I'll
go talk to
her. It really is your choice though. The gems are in your sword."
        "No," he shook his head, "She's right. I wont do it without her
permission."
        "I understand." Washu said, placing a hand on Tenchi's. He smiled at
her
and gave
her a hug. "I'll go talk to her now." Washu said as her normal clothing
materialised on her,
"Watch Hiro while I'm away."


        Washu walked into the depths of the cave near the Masaki shrine. She
knew this
was where Ryoko was through their mental link, and she knew that her
daughter was really
afraid of losing her gems to Hiro. She could understand why to. The gems
were hers, one
of the few things that she had that she hadn't stolen or taken by right
of conquest.
        After walking for a bit, Washu finally heard the sounds of sobbing
from
the once
sealed prison at the end of the cave. Walking into the chamber, she found
Ryoko laying on
the floor in a heap, crying uncontrollably.
        "Now is that any way for a tough space pirate like you to act,
Little
Ryoko?" she
asked in a tender voice.
        "What do YOU want?" Ryoko demanded turning to her mother with hatred
in
her
eyes. Apparently Washu's soft tone had been lost on her.
        "Something's bothering you. I'm here to talk." Washu replied.
        "And why would I talk to you?"
        "Because I'm your mother, Ryoko." Washu said firmly.
        "Since when have you ever been a mother to me?"
        "Well..." Washu thought for a moment, "Look, the point is-"
        "That you want to give Hiro MY gems so that he can be just as tough
as
me so that
we can beat some great evil, when I could do it with one hand if I had
the rest of my gems
that Tenchi wont give me because he's scared of me? Is that the point?"
        "It's kind of cold and damp in here. Mind if we switch to some place
nicer?"
Washu pulled a small remote out of her pocket and pushed a button.
        They were in a room with pink carpeting, and pink hearts against
white
walls.
There was a dresser and a desk, both laden with all sorts of things that
a fourteen year old
might have in her room. The bed was covered in pink blankets with a big
white heart
emblazoned on them. The pillows were large and fluffy. Ryoko found
herself holding one,
clutched tightly to her chest.
        Washu sat down on the edge of the bed and patted the spot next to
her.
Ryoko
rolled her eyes, but sat down and curled up next to her mother. She
looked at the wall and
saw a poster of James Dean, and then at the night stand where a picture
of she and Tenchi
sat. She smiled at the words, 'Ryoko and Tenchi Forever' drawn across the
bottom of the
picture. It was Tenchi's hand writing. Washu sure knew how to make her
feel better...
        "Now, what's on your mind?" Washu asked.
        "No dice, Mom. You first. What's with all this?"
        "Well.... I've been spending more time with Tenchi as you know."
        Ryoko frowned, but nodded.
        "And I've come to regard him as a kind of nephew I guess... he and I
have a special
relationship now. It's made me see just how much I really want to be a
part of your life,
Little Ryoko."
        Ryoko almost fell over. Her mother was just out right telling her
this?
She'd always
been so secretive and manipulative to get what she wanted. What had
changed?
        Washu continued, "I know I haven't always been there for you, and
sometimes I've
been down right mean to you. That was all wrong of me, and I'm sorry."
        This time Ryoko jumped up and away from Washu, "I don't know who you
are,
but you're not Washu. She'd never do anything like this."
        "It's me, Ryoko." Washu's voice came into her head. The mental link
was
there,
and she was speaking through it. That meant that this must be her mother.
Ryoko was
confused. She sat down and picked her pillow back up.
        "What this all boils down to Ryoko, is that I've not been your
mother,
and it's sure
as hell time that I should start. Your turn."
        "Do I have to?"
        "Yup." Washu smiled and leaned back on the soft bed.
        "I guess I just don't want Hiro to have my gems..."
        "Oh please. You know him better then any of us, except maybe Tenchi.
You
know
that if he was given one, and you asked for it back, he'd give it to you
in a heart beat."
        "Fine, that's not what's bugging me so much then."
        "So what is?"
        "I.... uh..."
        "Mmmmhmmmm?" Washu leaned into her daughter's face.
        "I don't think Tenchi likes me the way I want him to." Ryoko's face
fell.
        "Of course that's what you think!" Washu exclaimed.
        Ryoko looked at her funny, "You didn't program me to think like this
did
you?"
        "No not at all!" Washu continued to rant, "That boy has done nothing
to
show even
an ounce of interest in any of you girls! He's scared to! He's scared to
death!"
        "Why?" Ryoko asked.
        "He's scared of the house being levelled if he makes a choice. He's
scared of
Ayeka making up some sort of crown decree to get him if he goes with you,
and of you
destroying half the Empire if he goes with her. He's scared stiff of
dying in a freak accident
if he goes with Mihoshi!" her voice suddenly became very calm and very
quite, "But most
of all, Little Ryoko, he's scared of losing one of you if he makes a
choice."
        Ryoko's eyes locked on a teddy bear and didn't move from it. She had
never
thought about it like that before. Maybe he did like all of them, and
just didn't want the fun
time to ever end... but it wasn't that fun for him. Just stressful.
        "I should stop fighting with Ayeka so much, huh?" Ryoko said
sheepishly.
        "That would help a lot." Washu replied with a smile.
        Ryoko sighed and tossed her pillow aside. She reached over her
mother
and
grabbed the teddy bear. Finding that she was stretched across Washu's
lap, she just rolled
over and lay her head on her mother's legs. She sighed again.
        Washu was startled at first by the contact. Did Ryoko really love
her
back? With
almost shaking hands, she began to stroke her daughter's hair and smiled.
So this was
motherhood with an older daughter? She liked it...
        "Mom?"
        "Yes Little Ryoko?"
        Ryoko sat up and looked at her mother mischievously, "Let's go
lingerie
shopping!" Washu's eyes got big as Ryoko grabbed the remote and pushed
the button that
said, 'To Lab' and they appeared there next to Tenchi and a fully awake
Hiro.
        "Oh! Hey you two!" Tenchi said with a smile, seeing the happy look
on
Ryoko's
face.
        "Can't talk now!" Ryoko called as she dragged Washu away from them.
        "Help me!" Washu called out to them with a laugh, "She's dragging me
to
the
mall!"
        "The mall?" Tenchi and Hiro asked in unison.
        "We're going bra shopping together as Mother and Daughter!" Ryoko
yelled
back
as they disappeared through the door to the house.
        Tenchi and Hiro looked at each other for a solid minute.
        "Did she just say?"
        "Was that Washu?"
        "And Ryoko?"
        "Mall?"
        "Bras?"
        They looked at each other for another few seconds, then burst into
fits
of laughter.
After a few minutes, Hiro flopped back down and clutched his side,
"Ouch...." he said
meekly from all the laughing.
        Tenchi burst into gawfs again.

        Tenchi sat back on the couch and watched TV. Sasami sat nearby, with
Ryo-Ohki
in her lap, mewing contentedly as she scratched behind her ears. It was a
good way to sit
back and unwind after a long day in the fields.
        Kiyone had decided that it would be too dangerous for him and Hiro
to go
back to
school just yet, and she had personally come to the house to protect
them. She hadn't
wanted to, but the prospect of an attack on the house was far more likely
then she'd like to
admit, and Mihoshi couldn't be trusted to protect them if that happened.
The blond
detective had been left in the city to investigate there.
        Ayeka walked into the room and plopped down between her sister and
Tenchi. She
snuggled a bit closer to Tenchi and put a hand on his leg. Tenchi could
feel the red in his
face. He tried to think of a way to gently push the princess away.
        Then again, it wasn't everyday that she did this. Ryoko did it all
the
time, but it was
a nice change of pace to see Ayeka being a bit more physical. Still, if
Ryoko were to come
in and see them...
        Almost right on cue, Ryoko stormed down the steps. She stomped her
way
loudly
across the living room and went right into the kitchen without even
noticing them. She was
on the war path. But for who? Ayeka was right here, and she'd just walked
past.
        "Why's Ryoko not flying or phasing through stuff?" Sasami asked.
        Tenchi and Ayeka jumped apart and looked at each other. Why wasn't
she?
        "She wants who ever she's after to know she's coming..." Ayeka
concluded
quickly.
        "But who?" Tenchi asked.
        Their answer came a moment latter when they heard Ryoko scream from
out
side,
"You bastard! Get down here now!"
        "Hiro." they both said looking very pale. All three plus the cabbit
jumped up and
ran in the direction of Ryoko's voice.


        Hiro had been praticing quick stops and direction changes in his
flying
when Ryoko
screamed at him. He flew to the ground to see what was wrong. As soon as
he landed in
front of his personal trainer, she smacked him so hard he flew several
feet and landed with
a thud.
        "What the hell were you doing in my room?" she demanded of him.
        "What?"
        "You were in my room!"
        "How do you know?"
        "I found this." she said tossing a button on the ground before him.
        "Hey! That's the button from my school uniform! I've been looking
for
this..." he
picked it up and put it in his pocket, "But that still doesn't prove
anything. Tenchi has a
uniform just like it..."
        "Oh please!" Ryoko laughed bitterly, "Tenchi doesn't have the balls
to
go into my
room!"
        Tenchi had just walked around the corner in time to hear the last
comment. He and
Ayeka stopped and he turned very red.
        "Ayeka?" Sasami tugged on he sisters kimono, "What does that mean?
Tenchi
doesn't have the balls to go into her room?"
        "Well... uh... er... hmmmm..... I think it means...." Ayeka just
couldn't bring herself
to say anything.
        Ryoko rolled her eyes when she heard the princesses behind her. She
whirled on
them, "It means that he's too damn scared to go into a place that I might
be able to get him
alone and just to myself!" she yelled.
        Hiro appeared in front of her, "You don't need to defile the child's
mind with your
filthy language Ryoko. Apologise to her and her sister."
        "In your dreams, kid." she back handed him and he flew into a porch
support,
knocking it down. The whole porch came down on top of him.
        "Guess I need to train him a bit better." Ryoko laughed.
        The pile of rubble exploded. Hiro floated up out of the dust cloud
with
a look of
furry on his face and death in his eyes, "You bitch!" he screamed and
blasted into Ryoko.
The space pirate was knocked back several yards, but Hiro pressed his
attack. Fist flying
and feet kicking, he came at Ryoko, who could barely keep up a defence.
        Regaining her balance however, she started fighting back more. The
two
hovered
twenty feet above the ground and fought for a solid three minutes. The
spectators on the
ground watched in awe as the two moved at lightning speeds with inhuman
strength. Their
stamina was incredible.
        Tenchi finally found words to speak, "Hey! Stop it you two!" he
yelled.
He paused
then and looked straight ahead. Didn't he use that line on Ryoko and
Ayeka?
        "He was in my room!" Ryoko yelled and gathered energy for a blast.
        "She hit me first!" Hiro screamed back and gathered his own energy.
        "Hit the deck!" Tenchi yelled, and he and the two princesses ditched
to
the ground
and covered their heads.
        The two combatants blasted at each other simultaneously. The two
blasts
met and
exploded, hurling them both through the air in different directions. They
flew back in with
swords and the fight started to gain range. Ryoko and Hiro moved out
across the forest.
        "At least they've taken it away from the house..." Ayeka said as she
stood, "That's
more then I can say about Ryoko and myself..."
        "Yeah." Tenchi agreed as he sat up, but stayed on the ground. Sasami
sat
next to
him and they looked out to where the red and green lights darted about
and ran into each
other with the occasional boom or distant scream of some sort.
        Suddenly, the red light got very bright, and the green light tried
to
match it. The
blast shook the foundation of the house and blew dust across the whole
area. Looking back
to the sky, they couldn't see the two lights any more.
        "Oh no." Sasami said in a worried tone.

        When they found Ryoko and Hiro, they were both lying on the ground.
Still awake
and ready to fight, but to hurt to really do anything about it, they just
glared at one another.
        The spot hadn't been to hard to find. There was nothing but blasted
wood
for a
hundred feet in any direction of them. The energy blasts must have been
huge.
        Presently, Tenchi was standing between the two combatants, and
lecturing
them on
the reasons they shouldn't have blown up a large portion of the Masaki
estate. The lands
belonged to the shrine after all. He was sure Grandfather would be very
upset about it.
        "In closing," Tenchi said as the two of them hung their heads in
shame,
"I am
forbidding you two from being near each other unattended from now on.
Some one else has
to be present. Just stay away from each other for a while."
        "But what about training?" Ryoko asked.
        "No more until you two can both learn to control your selves. I
don't
want this," he
motioned around him to the destruction, "to happen again. Do I make
myself clear?"
        They both nodded sullenly.

           Washu had been sitting at the dining room table, drinking tea
with
Yosho and
Nobuyuki when the blast shook the house. They had all simply paused and
waited for the
shaking to stop, then continued their sipping and chatting.
        "It seems that Ayeka and Ryoko have had quite a fight this time...."
Yosho
commented.
        "Actually," Washu said with a slight frown, "It was Hiro and Ryoko.
They
blew
down a part of the forest."
        "Oh?" Nobuyuki raised an eyebrow, "I didn't take Hiro for the kind
of
guy that
would destroy the shrines forest."
        "It's too bad really. Hiro is a good boy, but Ryoko seems to be
looking
for fights
every where." Yosho said.
        "She was so bad for so long." Washu shook her head saddly, "Fighting
and
blowing things up is all she really knows how to do well. At least she
seems to think so. I
wish she would just find a hobby of some sort..."
        "Pent up rage is not good for ones soul." Yosho said in a sagely
manner.
        The other two simply nodded and sipped their tea. All was quite for
a
moment.
        Washu shifted in her seat and Nobuyuki looked up at her. She seemed
to
have a
slightly anguished expression on her face.
        "Washu," he said, "If there's something wrong, you can tell us..."
he
may not have
been the wise man of the family, and he definitely wasn't the smartest,
but he knew when
some one had something on their mind.
        "Actually Nobuyuki, I was wondering...."

        Sasami and Tenchi walked into Washu's lab and looked about. Tenchi
always felt
safe going to the lab with the little princess. He knew Washu wouldn't do
anything to him
as long as she was there...
        "There you two are!" Washu's voice said from above. They looked up
and
saw the
diminutive scientist dropping from no where on a seat pillow. She landed
and walked up to
them, "I sent for you an hour ago!"
        "We had to convince Ayeka that it would be safe to come here and not
be
worried
about some twisted experiment on Juri power." Tenchi said flatly.
        "So where is she?" Washu asked, peeking around them.
        "She said that if we wanted to risk our lives we could go ahead, but
she
wanted
nothing to do with it." Sasami quoted.
        Washu frowned, "Well, I'll just have to go talk to her latter then.
Listen up now, I
need a favour from the two of you...."
        Tenchi and Sasami leaned forward and began to smile and glance at
each
other
while the red haired genius described her plans.


        Out side the Masaki shrine, Hiro sat on the temple steps with
Kiyone.
The GP
officer and the earthling were playing cards.
        "Rummy!" Kiyone yelled as she snatched the cards up.
        "Damn." Hiro swore as he glared at her. She had beaten him seven
times
in a row,
and it looked like this time would be no different. He was going to end
up paying her rent
this month if he didn't start winning soon...
        A short distance away, Ayeka was sweeping the stone steps that lead
up
to the
shrine. It was quite a chore considering all the steps that there were.
Ryoko had been made
to help her for that reason, and for once, she actually was. They had
bickered the whole
way up the steps, and as they reached the top, tensions started to come
to a head.
        "I still don't see why you're so scared of her!" Ryoko said.
        "I am not scared of her, I just don't want to be prodded and tested
like
some
common newt for her twisted experiments." Ayeka was fuming. Why was Ryoko
defending Washu any way?
        "Her experiments are not twisted! Well not all of them any way...."
        "They are too! When has she ever made anything useful from all of
her
testing and
experiments?"
        Ryoko just stopped and looked at her, "What do you think I am,
Princess?"
        "Definitely not useful!" Ayeka retorted.
        "You little-" Ryoko was cut off.
        "So hey there!" Hiro said walking over, "Ryoko, no hard feelings
about
earlier
right?"
        "No, none at all." Ryoko replied, settling down a bit, "I was just a
little pissed."
        "I could tell." Hiro said, rubbing the back of his head.
        "I'm not through with you yet!" Ayeka yelled at Ryoko.
        "Can it Princess, we're done." Ryoko said as she dropped her broom
and
started to
float off.
        Ryoko walking away from a fight? "So why are you defending Washu so
much? I
thought you hated her?"
        Ryoko whirled on her, "I DO NOT hate my own Mother." she said in a
voice
that
had death seething just below the surface. Hiro gulped and stepped back a
few paces.
        The space pirate's tone was apparently lost on Ayeka who just
laughed
and
pointed, "Since when have you ever called her Mom?"
        "Since we worked things out, alright? At least I don't run around
and
act like a little
girl when my Mother is around."
        "What do you two do to be mother and daughter? Experiment together?"
Ayeka
was still giggling.
        "They went shopping the other day..." Hiro put in, hoping to avert
further
hostilities.
        "Oh really?" Ayeka stopped laughing and looked Ryoko up and down,
"And
what
did you two buy?"
        "Bras!" Ryoko smiled and looked Ayeka up and down, "Something I'm
sure
your
mother was always embarrassed to do with you!" Ryoko put a finger to her
cheek, "Oh
wait! Your mother probably just had someone go out and buy them secretly!
Can't have
everyone on Juri knowing how flat her 'perfect' eldest daughter is!"
        "So uh...." Hiro tried again to pull Ryoko away from the seething
princess, "How
did that go Ryoko?"
        She apparently didn't want to be pulled away any more, because she
simply turned
and lifted her blouse at him to reveal a rather revealing lacy red bra.
        "Oh, great Kami!" Hrio stumbled back covering his eyes, "Ryoko! Stop
that!"
        "Humph!" Ayeka said, "Only a little SLUT like you would do something
like
that!"
        Ryoko spun on her and began to power up, "You little bitch! Just
because
I have it
to flaunt and you don't..."
        "Shut up!" Ayeka spat back and her Juri power logs began to form...
        The power built from both of them and as it was about to be
released,
suddenly a
furious looking Yosho stood between them.
        "Never!" he shouted, stunning them both. They had never heard him
yell,
"Never
near my temple! Do you two understand me? Never!" the last word was very
loud.
        "But she-"
        "And she-"
        The power began to build again.
        "Got her!" Kiyone yelled as she popped up behind Ayeka and grabbed
her
arms,
twisting her around and down to her knees in a standard police cuff lock.
        "Me too!" Hiro said as he popped into existence behind Ryoko and put
her
in a
monster bear hug. She struggled, but he managed to hold on.
        Yosho had calmed down, but still looked very mad, "You two will not
fight near
my temple. I have punishments for both of you just for even thinking
about it."
        They both looked to the ground as Kiyone and Hiro released them.
        "You Ayeka, will go find out what Washu wants help with, because I
happen to
know that she just wanted a favour from you. Go now." Ayeka nodded and
quietly got up
and walked away.
        "And you," Yosho said turning to Ryoko, "This is the second fight
you
got into
today! I will not have you running about fighting and destroying these
lands!"
        "But-"
        "No 'buts'!" he roared, silencing her, "You will spend this night
and as
many more
nights as I deem necessary with me here at the temple. We will meditate
and try and find
and banish these feelings of rage and anger in your heart. Do you
understand that?"
        She nodded meekly.
        "Good. Hiro, Kiyone, leave us now, please, and thank you for your
help."
        "No problem, Grandfather." Hiro bowed, as did the police woman, and
they
trotted
off down the steps.


        "So do you think Lord Yosho will be able to help Ryoko?" Kiyone
asked as
they
descended the steps at a slow walk.
        "Maybe. It can't hurt to try." Hiro said. He would make it a point
to
ask Yosho
about maybe helping him control his own anger.
        "So now what do you want to do? We left the cards at the temple."
        "Hmmm..." Hiro looked at his watch. The sun would be setting soon.
An
idea came
to him.
        "Let's watch the sun set, and then star gaze. I used to do it all
the
time, but I
haven't found the time to lately."
        "Are you trying to ask me out on a date Hiro?" Kiyone was shocked.
        Hiro stopped and blinked. He looked at her with a straight face,
"Well... no not
really. I just wanted someone to share it with. If it makes you
uncomfortable..."
        "No! No, that's okay, really. I just... don't feel like that about
you
and didn't want
you to feel the same way..."
        "I guess I just thought that a good friend would be a good person to
share with.
You're probably my best friend Kiyone."
        That took her by suprise, "Really? What about Tenchi?"
        "He's a good friend too, but isn't nearly as easy to talk to as you.
I
never really
thought about it much, but I guess I do see you as probably the only
person I've really
opened up to in a while."
        Kiyone thought about it for a moment. Her best friend was probably
Mihoshi, as
much as she didn't want to admit it. The blond always made her feel
better when it
counted, and she could tell her anything. Hiro was almost the same way,
so she considered
him another best friend. "I guess that you and Mihoshi would be my best
friends. There's
just some things that I can't tell a guy..."
        "Like what?" Hiro asked as they started to walk again.
        "You know... girl stuff..."
        "Oh..." Hiro smiled and they were silent for a time.
        "The sun will set very soon. We'll never make it out of the woods in
time." Kiyone
commented.
        "The top of the house is the best place to watch it. Over the lake.
It's
wonderful."
        "Oh! You can just teleport us there can't you?"
        "Yeah." Hiro got a grin that Kiyone didn't like.
        "What?"
        "Have you ever flown before?"
        "Yeah. All the time. Yagami is a very fast ship..."
        "No, I mean with out a ship..." Hiro floated up off the ground.
        "Actually, no. And I never really wanted to try it-" she started,
but
Hiro grabbed
her and flew up into the air. She screamed the whole way up until he
stopped.
        "Hiro! Why'd you do that?" she screamed in his face.
        "Are you ready?"
        "For what! Agggggaaaaa!" he started flying very fast away from the
setting sun.
Kiyone covered her eyes at first, then opened them. She looked down, then
up at Hiro. He
was looking straight ahead, a smile on his face. She smiled too. This was
quite invigorating.
        Hiro switched his grip so that he was holding onto her belt only.
She
yelped at the
switch, but then smiled and screamed in pure joy. Spreading her arms out
to the sides like
wings, she simply enjoyed the wind across her face. This was heaven.
        They flew for almost a half hour, then Hiro landed them on top of
the
house so
watch the last few minutes of the sun set. Afterwards, they lay on the
top of the roof and
stared out at the clear night sky. Hiro pointed out constellations, and
Kiyone pointed out
different star systems.
        After a while, a voice from down below shouted to them. It was
Tenchi.
        "Hey! Hiro are you up there?"
        "Yeah!" he called back and slid to the edge of the roof and looked
down,
"What's
up?"
        "Sasami needs some Tethki spice and Ayeka reminded us that
Grandfather
loves
the stuff. We thought he might have some and were wondering if you could
teleport to the
temple really quick and get some. Ayeka and I need the food really quick
for our dinner..."
        "Or you wouldn't trouble me with it. I know. It's not a problem.
I'll be
right back."
he vanished.
        Kiyone slid to the edge of the roof and looked down, "Hey Tenchi!"
        "Hi Kiyone! What are you two doing up there?"
        "Star gazing."
        "Oh..." he smiled at her knowingly.
        "Not like that!" she screamed at him, "We're just friends."
        Tenchi gulped at her sudden burst of anger, "Alright." he said
meekly.


        "Grandfather?" Hiro asked quietly as he tapped on the temple doors.
He
didn't
want to disturb any meditation.
        After a few moments the door slid open and Yosho stood there. Behind
him, Ryoko
sat with her back to them, in a trance of some sort.
        "What can I do for you Hiro?" Yosho asked quietly.
        "Sasami wanted to know if you have any Tethki spice?"
        He smiled, "Ayeka remembered that I liked it. I do have a small
stock.
I'll get it for
you."
        He left and returned a moment latter with a small vile of red
powder.
"She's
making a special dish tonight?"
        "Yeah, it's for a meal she's making for Tenchi and Ayeka I
guess...."
        "Mmmmm...." Yosho nodded and smiled. "Good. I'll see you in the
morning
Hiro."
        "Yes Grandfather. Good night." he bowed as the door shut, then
disappeared.

        Ryoko sat with one eye slightly open until Yosho came back and sat
down
next to
her. So Ayeka was making moves on Tenchi when she was here trying to
learn to control
her anger?
        That little brat would just have to wait until Yosho fell into a
trance
again....

That's it for part one of Chapter Two! Part two of Chapter Two comming
soon! Or right
now... e-mail me at Japhith@Juno.com for any questions, comments, or
genral rantings.

Tenchi Muyo! What Happens Next?
A Tenchi Fan Fiction by Jacob McDonald
Chapter Two: Friendships Found, Love Discovered- Part Two
Note: I don't own any of the characters in this story, nor did I make any
of them up (well,
except for Hiro....) I just decided to write a story about them. I'd say
that's one of the
biggest forms of flattery out there, to have such a great story that
other's want to write
about it. So please, this is a fan appreciative story, don't sue me for
using your stuff OK?
(Believe me, you wouldn't get too much any way....)
It would help you a great deal to understand what's going on here if you
read Chapter One, and the fisrt part of Chapter Two.

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

        Later that night, Ryoko appeared in outside the house, next to the
front
door. She
listened intently. Sounds of laughter and talking came from above. Hiro
and Kiyone. They
were on the roof. She smiled at that. Maybe her student wasn't as shy as
Tenchi was...
        Clearing all thoughts of him from her head she concentrated on her
mission. Tenchi
was her goal, and Ayeka would not get the upper hand because of a fight
that SHE had
started in the first place...
        Walking through the wall and into the living room, Ryoko listened
again.
Laughter
again, this time from the dining area. She stealthily floated along to
the door. She didn't
want them to know she was here just yet. It would be quite a suprise to
see her and she
wanted to enjoy the look on Ayeka's face when she ruined her perfect
little night with
Tenchi...
        Putting one ear to the door, she listened.
        "Oh Tenchi! You're such a tease!"
        "You're the one who said it not me!"
        "Oh hush now! Just serve the food!"
        "Alright...."
        The nerve of that little brat! She had him serving her like a....
servant! Tenchi was
not one of her royal house servants who served her dinner every night and
waited on her
hand and foot! Ryoko listened some more.
        "Here you are Ayeka," Tenchi's voice came, "Be careful, it's hot."
        "Thank you for the warning, Lord Tenchi. Mmmmm, this smells
wonderful."
        "Yes, Sasami has surely out done herself this time!"
        Ryoko was about to explode. Sasami had cooked them one of her best
dinners ever
and Ryoko didn't even get to smell it? The princesses were in on this
together! How was
she supposed to compete with two people?
        Ryoko powered up and aimed a blast at the door. It exploded in,
creating
a small
cloud of dust. As she plowed through into the room where she could hear
coughing and
cursing, she thought that the only person she had to help HER was...
        "Washu!" she cried as she came to an abrupt halt.
        Tenchi and Ayeka were clad in outfits that belonged to servants, not
royals. Washu
and Nobuyuki sat behind a table together. Washu was dressed in an evening
gown, and
Nobuyuki wore his best suit. Everyone was covered in dust and splinters
of wood, and
everyone stared at her angrily. Except Washu.
        Washu's glare was one of pure furry.
        "RYYYOOOOKOOOOO!!!!!" Washu screamed in a voice that steadily gained
decibel level from the first syllable to the last.
        Ryoko started to see what a huge mistake she had made as she floated
down to the
ground. This was going to hurt like a bitch.

        The blast and the screaming had definitely gotten Hiro and Kiyone's
attention.
        "I'll go check it out, and come back and get you if I need back up."
Hiro said.
        Kiyone checked the charge in her blaster, "Good luck."
        Hiro nodded and fazed down through the roof. He dashed across the
living
room to
the dining area, where he could see the settling cloud of dust. He rushed
into the room...


        Washu had stood up and was stalking towards Ryoko. The space pirate
had
formed
an energy sword in a display of meek defence. She knew she couldn't hurt
her mother, but
still it showed that she was ready to try and escape any physical harm.
        A presence behind her triggered instincs that she had learned long
ago.
Spinning and
lashing out with her sword, she tried to decapitate whatever it was
behind her.

        Hiro walked right into a sword flying at him. His reflexes had been
honed to a razor
edge over the past few weeks though, and he ducked under it in time to
avoid any harm.
His own green sword popped into his hand and he lashed out at his
assailants side, only to
find it was Ryoko, and she had blocked it.
        Anger flared in both of them, Hiro because he was attacked, and
Ryoko
because
she was counter attacked. They locked blades and pushed into one another,
growling as
they did...
        And then an orange energy blade sliced through both of their,
extinguishing them in
an instant. Both looked confused for a moment, then realisation dawned.
They looked to
where Washu stood with her sword still in hand.
        "You.... little....." her sword disappeared and she stepped forward
to
Ryoko,
"...BITCH!!!" she finished and slapped her daughter across her face.
Ryoko's head
snapped to one side, and she cried out in pain.
        Tenchi started to step forward to intervene, but a hand on his arm
held
him back.
He looked over to see Ayeka's face turned away from the spectacle. She
turned with her
eyes closed and whispered in his ear, "She wouldn't want us to see
this..." and pulled him
into the kitchen.
        Hiro stood and watched the furry that was Washu.
        "You, because of your stupid petty war with Ayeka, have in one swift
action,
destroyed part of the house, worried everyone here, attacked Hiro (your
student!), run off
from Yosho's help, and ruined my first date in 15,000 years!" Washu
screamed at her
daughter. Ryoko stumbled back, her head still turned to the side. Her
eyes were squeezed
tightly shut, and tears streamed down her face.
        Washu's voice grew low and dangerous, "I will not let you do this,"
she
said, "This
night will go on like it has been, just without a door, and without you."
The red haired
scientist turned to Hiro, "Go get Kiyone down from the roof and then come
back here and
get Ryoko. Make sure she gets back to the temple and tell Yosho that if
she leaves again,
he may punish her any way he see's fit."
        "Yes, ma'am." Hiro said and vanished.


        Kiyone sat and stared at the stars for a while. There hadn't been
any
further
explosions or fighting sounds, just Washu yelling. She passed it off as
Ryoko had shown up
and made some trouble.
        Her suspicions were confirmed a moment latter when Hiro appeared and
told her
what had happened. He fazed them down to her room.
        "I had fun tonight." she told him.
        "Me too."
        They stood in awkward silence for a few moments.
        "I feel like I should give you a kiss goodnight..." Hiro laughed.
This
exacted a
laugh from Kiyone as well.
        "Yeah, it feels a little weird. So I guess I'll see ya tomorrow
then?"
        "Yeah, we'll do something." Hiro smiled at her.
        "Goodnight." she told him, punching him in the shoulder.
        "Night." he smiled, and vanished.
        Kiyone sighed. Friends, nothing more.

        Hiro popped back up in the dinning room. Washu still stood glaring
at
Ryoko, and
Ryoko sat floating in the air, her head bowed and tears silently falling
to the ground. Hiro
walked over and took her hand.
        "Come on Ryoko. Let's go." he said quietly, and led her through the
wall.
        "Do you think you were a little hard on her?" Nobuyuki asked his in
house date.
        "Yes." Washu responded. She turned back to him as she composed
herself,
"But
let's not let that get us down tonight, okay? It's time for desert!"
        "Tenchi! Ayeka!" Nobuyuki called to them as he smiled and patted the
seat next to
him for Washu, "Bring in the desert!"
        Washu smiled and sat next to him, taking his hand as she did. His
face
turned red.
        Tenchi came through the door bearing a delectable looking pie,
topped
with
cherries and whipped cream. He saw his fathers red face and laughed, "And
the Masaki
smoothness shines through again!"
        Nobuyuki's face turned even redder.

        "You know, you don't need to take me back to the shrine by the hand
like
I'm a
little girl, Hiro." Ryoko said in annoyance as he walked up the steps and
she hovered along
behind him.
        "Who says I'm holding your hand like a little girl?" he said without
looking back at
her. His arm was jerked suddenly and he stopped and looked back.
        Ryoko had landed and was holding him back, "What's that supposed to
mean?"
        Hiro walked back to her, still holding her hand, "It means that I'm
holding the hand
of a woman, not of a little girl." he said with a half smile that faded
just as quickly as it had
come. Ryoko was confused, but started walking with him as he continued.
They walked
for a while in silence before she broke it again.
        "Do you like Ayeka at all, Hiro?"
        "She's not a bad person. A little snooty now and then, and a royal
pain
sometimes,
but she's nice. I have no problems with her."
        "Yeah, me too."
        "I thought you hated her?"
        "She's okay. It's just that when we fight over Tenchi, we both tend
to
lose our
heads a bit."
        "No kidding."
        "I mean, why does she think that she's so much better for him then I
am?"
        "Probably because she's the Crown Princess and he's the Crown Prince
of
Juri."
        "Yeah, but what does that mean? I love Tenchi too, and just because
I'm
not a
princess, does that mean nothing?"
        "No." Hiro replied simply.
        "So you understand where I'm coming from then?"
        "I understand both sides. And I understand where Tenchi lies in the
equation. I talk
to all of you, you know."
        "What about Kiyone?"
        Hiro was stunned for a second. He was expecting to be drilled on
everyone else's
opinions and thoughts that they had confided in him, and instead he got a
question about
Kiyone, "She's nice, smart, funny, good natured, and really up tight.
Once you get her to
unwind a little though, she's a blast to be around."
        "So you like her like THAT, huh?" Ryoko got a little smirk on her
face.
        "No! She's.... well I guess I could say that she's my best friend. I
can
tell her
anything and not worry about her telling everyone else. We have fun
together, and it never
seems that she's too interested in me to go further then just a
friendship."
        "Oh..." Ryoko's grin faded and was replaced by a contented smile.
For
some
reason, a little part of her was glad that Kiyone and Hiro weren't
looking at getting
together. She suddenly became acutely aware that he was still holding her
hand. It made
her whole arm, no, her whole body, feel warm.....
        "So what did you mean by the fact that you were holding the hand of
a
woman?"
she asked suddenly.
        Hiro smiled, "You'll have to figure that one out on your own." he
said
and stopped,
"We're here."
        Ryoko looked over to the doors of the temple where Yosho stood with
his
arms
crossed across his chest. The moon light gleamed off of his glasses and
made it impossible
to judge what his eyes held for her. She could only imagine contempt.
        "I guess this is good night then." she said turning back to him. He
took
her other
hand.
        "Guess so." They stared at each other for a minute, then she leaned
forward and
kissed him lightly on the lips. Her face remained within an inch of his.
        "Good night..." she whispered. She wasn't sure why, but she felt
like
she had to
make sure that just in case this was the last time she ever saw him, that
she had kissed him
at least once....
        "Good night." he whispered back. They separated and Hiro vanished.
        Ryoko turned and walked back to Yosho. She suddenly remembered that
Hiro
had
not delivered her message. When she looked up to see if he was angry with
her, what she
saw almost knocked her off her feet.
        Yosho was smiling.
        "Come inside and sleep now, Ryoko." he said and turned on his heel.
Walking back
inside, he went to his chambers.
        Ryoko walked in and shut the door. Floating over to her mat on the
floor, she lay
down and stared up at the rafters. Closing her eyes, she thought about
Hiro.
        "What am I thinking?" she said to herself, just before she fell
asleep.

        Mihoshi peeked around the corner of the building and saw her target.
He
had been
walking this way for some time now, and she was starting to get hungry.
When would he
stop so she could get some breakfast?
        The man she was following had been asking about Kiyone at one of the
local bars
that the two went to every now and then. She had grown suspicious of him
and had been
tailing him since that night. She had discovered where he lived and now
she was following
him to work.
        He finally stopped at a restaurant and walked inside. Great! Now she
could get
some food! Following him in, she was seated quickly and her order of
almost half the items
on the menu was put in a few minutes latter.
        As she sat and coloured with the crayons normally reserved for small
children,
someone joined her at her booth. She looked up and saw her target. A
slight yelp escaped
her.
        "Hello there." he said in a kind soothing voice, "My name's Yukimo.
What's your
name?"
        "M-m-m my name's Mihoshi...."
        "Are you scared of me Mihoshi?" he asked in a worried tone.
        "No," she regained her composure and looked him in the eye, "I'm
not."
        "Well then that would explain why you were following me around today
wouldn't
it?"
        "Um...." Mihoshi looked around for a second, "I don't know what
you're
talking
about...."
        "Why were you following me from my house to here?" he asked in a
serious
tone.
        Mihoshi's lip quivered, and she burst into tears, "You were asking
questions about
my friend Kiyone at the bar last night and I got worried for her, so I
followed you and I just
wanted to make sure you weren't going to try and hurt her or anything
and-"
        "Kiyone?" he asked.
        "Yeah..." Mihoshi looked at him with tears still in her eyes.
        "Oh! The green haired girl! Yeah, she was asking about a part time
job
here! I'm
the manager. She told me that if I needed any help I could find her at
that bar!" he whacked
his forehead with his palm, "I'm so sorry, you must have been worried
sick about her!"
        Mihoshi nodded, but was much happier now that she knew Kiyone would
be
safe.
She looked at the man closely for the first time. He was very handsome
and seemed to be
nice. In her usual trusting manner, Mihoshi smiled at him and said,
"Sorry for following you
around like that...."
        "No, no. It's fine. Say, can I buy your breakfast for you? I'd love
to
chat for a bit.
Kiyone had said something about a friend who might also need a job..."

        That's how it had started the week before, three days after Kiyone
had
left.
Mihoshi hadn't talked to her commanding officer since the day she'd gone
to stay at the
Masaki house, but for some reason that didn't seem to matter. She rolled
over in the her
bed and looked at Yukimo's sleeping form.
        He was a wonderful man. A great friend, a great talker, a great
boyfriend, and great
in bed. This, their first time, had been so wonderful. She rolled over
again and whispered to
his sleeping form, "I love you...."

        In the morning he was gone. She assumed that he had gone into work
early
and
went to his restaurant to see him, but the hostess told her that he
hadn't been there at all
that morning. Not wanting to disturb him if he had something to do,
Mihoshi went home to
get ready for her own job at a clothing store that sold funny shirts and
weird hats.
        It never even crossed her mind that he had left her for any other
reason.

        The bus pulled away from the stop down the road from the small
apartment
that
Kiyone shared with Mihoshi. She and Hiro had come into town to check on
the blond
detective and make sure things were still running smoothly.
        They chatted and teased as they walked to the apartment. It had been
five days
since the night when Ryoko had caused so much trouble, and things had
been quite at the
Masaki house, so the two had decided it would be safe to go see Mihoshi.
Now they were
glad to get away from the constant tension that seemed to be dominating
the whole family
at Tenchi's home.
        Kiyone took out her key as they came to the door and opened it up
for
them.
Walking in, they saw clothing tossed every where and food spilled here
and there. The
apartment was basically a mess.
        "Well, it's not as bad as I had thought it might be...." Kiyone
said.
        "We'd better clean it up. Where do you think she is?"
        Kiyone checked her watch, "She'd better be at work right now." she
growled and
they set about cleaning up the apartment.
        They sat around for an hour after they finished to wait for Mihoshi
to
come home.
Right on schedule, she bounced in the door, humming a song and stopped
when she saw
how clean that place was. Then she noticed her friends.
        "Kiyone!" she yelled and bowled the Captain off her feet, "I missed
you
soooo
much!"
        "Get off of me! There, that's better." Mihoshi helped he commanding
officer to her
feet and then turned and gave Hiro a big hug as well.
        "It's nice to see you too, Hiro."
        "Thanks Mihoshi." he smiled at her.
        "Change your cloths, Mihoshi." Kiyone ordered, "You ate or spilled
all
the food
and we need to go shopping for some more."
        "Alright, Captain!" she gave a mock salute and dashed off to find
some
clean
clothing. She reappeared a minute latter, fully ready to go.
        "That's the fastest I've ever seen a girl change...." Hiro said in
awe.
        Kiyone slugged him in the arm.
        "OW! What?" Hiro floated after them as they walked out the door.

        Mihoshi wandered down the street. She hadn't meant to get separated
from
her
friends, but it had happened. She figured she's just wander about
aimlessly until she found
them. It gave her a better chance of covering more ground that way....
        It was almost eight when she walked past the large picture window of
the
classy
restaurant. Glancing inside she saw him.
        Yukimo.
        He was sitting at a table with another girl. They were dressed up
and
she looked
quite lovely. Mihoshi pounded on the glass and yelled to him. Yukimo
looked up and saw
her. A brief expression of recognition crossed his face and then he
looked annoyed. He
shook his head and turned back to his new girlfriend.
        Mihoshi's lip quivered. She turned and ran off down the street, not
bawling, but
letting the tears fall silently from her face.

        "Where is that bimbo?" Kiyone growled as she and Hiro walked down
the
street
looking for Mihoshi.
        "I'm sure she's around here somewhere." Hiro said, looking at the
people
who
were still picking themselves up off the ground. No one else could have
knocked down that
many people in such a large area so fast and then not be noticed when
passerbys came
through only a few seconds latter.
        As they walked, the sounds of muffled sobs fell on their ears. Hiro
led
Kiyone to an
ally way, where they found Mihoshi curled up on the ground, crying her
eyes out.
        All anger fled Kiyone's face instantly as she knelt down next to her
distraught
friend. She wrapped her arms about her and held her for several minutes.
Mihoshi grabbed
onto Kiyone's sweater and just cried into her chest.
        Hiro stood by the entrance to the ally and gave people dirty looks
if
they seemed too
interested. Behind him he could here Kiyone cooing in a soft voice, "It's
alright, Mihoshi,
I'm here now. Shhhhh....."
        After a while, Mihoshi finally sat up and looked into Kiyone's eyes.
Tears still
dripped down her face. "Tell me what happened." Kiyone said to her.
        Suddenly, Mihoshi grew hysterical and started to rant out the whole
story. Hiro
watched as storm clouds gathered on Kiyone's face. He too grew angry.
        "And the girl was wearing a little slut dress too!" Mihoshi barked
out
to end her
tale. Kiyone blinked. Mihoshi would never have used those words to
describe someone
unless she was very upset. Rage seethed just below Kiyone's surface
expression of calm
sorrow.
        "Mihoshi, why don't you go back to the apartment with these. Here,"
she
handed
the blond detective some bags, "You can eat some of the ice cream in this
bag. Right out of
the carton if you want! We'll be back there in just a bit. We have one
more stop to make."
        "Okay Kiyone." Mihoshi stood up weakly and took the bags. She
trotted
off
slowly.
        The two stood and watched her go with sad looks on their faces. As
soon
as she
turned the corner though, both of their faces changed to looks of death
instantly.
        "You know where this restaurant she was talking about is?"
        "I've been there."
        "Let's go get this guy then."
        Hiro grabbed her arm and they vanished from where they had been
standing
on the
street, much to the suprise of several on lookers.


        Yukimo kissed her cheek, "I had fun tonight."
        "Me too." the girl said as she blushed, "Call me?"
        "I will."
        She got into the cab outside the restaurant and he shut the door for
her. It had been
close with the blond bitch coming tonight. How had she found him? He
smiled and waved
as the cab pulled away.
        "Ahem." a voice behind him.
        He turned to see a girl that was almost a half foot shorter then him
standing there
with her hands on her hips.
        "Oh! Kiyone! You're back in town! I got to know your friend Mihoshi
pretty well
while you were away...."
        "Yeah, I know." she said, and grabbed his wrist. She twisted in such
a
way that
even trying to move away from her was painful for him. He growled in pain
and she
dragged him into an ally way next to the restaurant.
        She shoved him into a wall, "Hey! What the hell? This is a nice
suit!"
        "Just what the hell do you think you're doing seducing my friend,
sleeping with her,
convincing her that she loves you, and then just dumping her like trash
and going out with
some other girl, without even telling her?" Kiyone was pissed off.
        Yukimo didn't care. She was smaller then him and he wouldn't let her
grab him like
that again, "I was getting laid. Tell your friend that that's the way the
ball bounces for little
blond sluts."
        Kiyone belted him across the jaw. He stumbled to the side, but
recovered
quickly
and back handed her across her face. She hadn't expected him to recover
so quickly and
wasn't able to block it in time.
        Yukimo decided that she wasn't really worth his time, and he had
knocked
her
down any way. He straightened his tie and turned to walk out of the ally.
        And ran into someone else. Looking up to see the man's face, he was
suprised to
see a boy. Just a teenager. And his arms and shoulders were out of
proportion for his
height....
        Yukimo looked down to see the young man was floating almost two feet
of
the
ground. He looked back up in awe....
        And Hiro grabbed him by the throat. Lifting him up off the ground,
he
began to
squeeze Yukimo's life out of him. He heard a popping noise, and the man's
arms and legs
twitched uncontrollably.
        "No." Hiro said out loud, and loosened his grip, "Just killing you
would
be too
kind."
        "Thank you..." Yukimo gasped out. Then Kiyone slugged him in the
back,
right
over his left kidney. Hiro dropped him.
        Kiyone was quick to drag the man back up and punched him in the
face.
She started
to speak, every word punctuated by her fist smacking wetly into his
bloody face,
"You-little-bastard-I'll-fucking-kill-you-you-little-fuck!" She screamed
in rage and
frustration as Hiro grabbed her arm and yanked her away from him. He
wrapped his arms
around her and floated up off the ground. Kiyone looked down at where
Yukimo lay in a
puddle of blood, out cold. His face was a mess. She looked at her fist
and saw that it too
was covered in blood.
        "Damn...." she whispered.
        They were suddenly next to a fountain in the one of the town's
parks.
She quickly
washed the blood from her hands in the water.  Standing up straight, she
turned to Hiro.
        "We're going to need more ice cream."
        "You think Mihoshi will eat that much?"
        "No, it's for me...."

        Hiro got off the bus in front of the Masaki estate alone. Kiyone had
decided to stay
in town with Mihoshi, saying that she was sure that for a few days at
least, he and the
others could take care of themselves. Hiro had agreed, and left.
        Now, as he walked up the path to the house, he wondered what he
would do
to
pass the time. Without Kiyone here, he would have no one to go around and
do stuff with.
Tenchi was always busy tending the carrot crop or training, Ayeka didn't
seem at all
interested in doing anything that involved being with him, Sasami usually
was cooking or
playing games with Ryo-Ohki, and Nobuyuki was always at work (not that
Hiro would
have wanted to spend that much time with Tenchi's weird father any
way....) There was
always Washu, she usually had interesting things going on, but never
wanted to take a
break and just have some fun.
        Ryoko. Things had been weird between the two of them since the night
she
had
kissed him. He had feelings for her definitely, but they still bickered
all the time. She made
him so mad and so happy all at the same time. Maybe he just needed to
talk to her and
decide one way or the other....
        Almost on cue, Ryoko appeared behind him. She wrapped her arms
around
his
shoulders and whispered, "Can I welcome you home, Hiro?" her breath
smelled like Saki.
        "Uh, Ryoko? Have you been drinking?"
        "Well yeah, a little! Why the hell do you think I'm all over you and
not
Tenchi?"
        "Good to know I'm always on standby...."
        Ryoko sniffed him. She smelled something.....
        "Hey!" she barked at him and blinked into existence in front of him,
a
scowl on her
face.
        "What?" he asked confused.
        "Here I am, getting a little tipsy and throwing myself at you so
that
for once I might
get a little play, and you show up smelling like some one else's
perfume!"
        "What the hell are you talking about?" he sniffed his shirt. It did
smell like
perfume..... "Oh! Mihoshi!" he said as it dawned on him. She had given
him a hug....
        "Mihoshi?!? You did that stupid bimbo? Now that's low Hiro..."
        "I didn't DO anybody, Ryoko. She just gave me a hug-"
        "And probably a stiffy too...."
        "Shut up!" he barked at her, "I wouldn't do that sort of thing with
someone I didn't
love." he was angry now.
        "Whatever. Give 'em a little bit and they want a bunch more. You're
whole sex is
weak like that. Well, except Tenchi of course..."
        "So why don't you go test that theory on him. Or tell your mom! I'm
sure
Washu
would love to try that out on Nobuyuki! It can be a mother daughter
experiment!"
        "Hey, all these personal shots about Mom and me are getting a little
old
Hiro..."
        "Well all the personal shots at me are getting old too Ryoko!"
        "You deserve it!"
        "Why?!?"
        "Because you do!"
        "Grraaaa! You make me so mad!"
        "Good!"
        "Oh go to hell!"
        "I hate you!"
        "I love you!"
        Ryoko looked at him in shocked silence. He stayed to make sure that
what
he had
said sunk in, then teleported away.
        "Hiro!" she called after him, but he was gone. Where? She needed to
talk
to him.
Why did he have to run off like that? Now where did he usually hang out
around here?
        She started to teleport from place to place, looking for him.

        Hiro appeared behind Washu as she was tapping away at her
holo-computer.
It had
been a long night already (she was working on the programming for a new
invention...) and
his sudden appearance took her by complete suprise. She yelped and
flipped off of her
floating seat pillow. Getting up off the floor, she noted the tears at
the corners of his eyes.
        "Uh oh. What happened?"
        "Ryoko hates me."
        "How do you know that?"
        "She told me."
        "I see." Washu looked down at the floor. No. She wouldn't pervade
Ryoko's
thoughts to see if what Hiro had said was true or not. She'd trust what
her daughter did
was what she wanted. Still, a little motherly meddling wouldn't hurt.
Just as long as she did
it discreetly.
        "So what do you want me to do about all of this?"
        "You said you had a suprise for me. I thought it might make me feel
better." he
said glumly.
        "Oh yes!" Washu brightened. This would work out perfectly, "Right
this
way!"
        She led him through the lab to an elevator like thing that
teleported
them to one of
the other planets in the pocket dimension. Once there, she led him to a
hanger. Inside, there
sat a large ship, with the words, 'Low Rider' splayed across one side.
        "Low Rider?" Hiro asked.
        "It refers to the fact that it runs on a very low energy out put
just as
effectively as
almost every other ship in the galaxy. It's also the name of some really
cool cars here on
earth!" Washu giggled like a little girl.
        Hiro rolled his eyes.
        "This ship is faster, more mauneverable, has better weapons, and a
better pilot
control system then any ship in the universe!" Washu declared
dramatically, "Except for
Cabbit ships like Ryo-Ohki or course, because they are directly
controlled by the owners
thoughts..."
        "So what about this ship am I supposed to be so excited over?" Hiro
asked.
        "Well, aside from the fact that it's the best ship I've ever made, I
don't make ships
to often, and the fact that it's yours.... nothing." Washu smiled as Hiro
fell over.
        He got back up quickly and grabbed her by the front of the shirt,
"Did
you just say
that you're giving me this ship?"
        "Calm down! Yes I did. In fact, I designed it specifically for you.
I
figured that
you'd probably want to see the stars some day, and this was the best way
to do it."
        Hiro set her down. His own ship.
        And he could really use a vacation. He needed to get away from Ryoko
for
a few
years....
        A few years?
        Maybe a few months...
        "Here." Washu handed him a thick tome of a book.
        "What's this?"
        "The instruction manual." she said.
        Hiro face faulted.
        "I'd recommend reading the section on the auto-pilot first if you
want
to leave right
away." she told him.
        "I'll do that. After I tour the ship." Hiro started towards the
hatch.
        "There's a map on page 12!" she called after him happily. All she
had to
do now
was wait. Ryoko would come looking for him eventually, to apologise or
fight some more,
and who better to come to so you could find someone then the greatest
scientific genius in
the universe?

        "Mom!" came Ryoko's desperate cry.
        "Yes dear, right over here." Washu called back. It had taken almost
an
hour for
Ryoko to think of coming to her. She was worried that Hiro would be ready
to leave
soon....
        "Mom, I need to find Hiro!" she said as she came up behind the
diminutive genius.
        "Really? What for?"
        "I said some stuff that I shouldn't have, and I just wanted to
apologise."
        "Ooooo!" Washu squealed and grabbed her daughters hands as she spun
around,
"You like him don't you?"
        "I-" Ryoko stopped. She'd been so worried about if she could find
him or
not that
she hadn't stopped to think about that. "Well, he said he loved me..."
she said quietly.
        "And you don't know what to think?" Washu asked.
        "You would know better then I would." Ryoko said to her.
        "No I wouldn't. I've decided to stay out of your love life. And your
mind in that
area. It's up to you to decide if you love him or not." Washu said with a
motherly tone. She
was getting good at that...
        "But I don't know! I mean, I love Tenchi, and I guess I sorta' feel
that
way about
Hiro, but.... I don't know. Maybe I'm just getting sick of waiting for
Tenchi, and Hiro's
here, and he loves me..."
        "He's at the hanger." Washu said quietly.
        "Why?" Ryoko asked, suddenly turning very pale.
        "I gave him a ship. He's going to leave for a while if you don't go
stop
him..."
        "You gave him a ship?"
        "Yeah!" Washu was suddenly very excited, "The fastest ship in the
galaxy! Not
even Ryo-Ohki or Yagami can keep up!" she made a point of it to emphasise
the last part
of her words. Ryo-Ohki can't keep up....
        Ryoko teleported. Washu smiled. She turned back to her computer and
opened a
view screen of the hanger. She'd watch what happened as she worked.

        "Lowrider, are we capable of leaving directly from the lab into
earth's
atmosphere?"
        "Yes Hiro." came the ships reply. The AI was designed to get along
with
him
specifically, and it seemed to work fine.
        "Good. Let's try something simple then first as a test run. Let's
say,"
he looked
down at a display screen that popped up before him at the touch of a
button. It showed
earth's atmosphere all the way out just past the moon, "High orbit, stay
over Japan."
        "Orders received." The ship's engines rumbled to life. A read light
started blinking
above Hiro.
        "What's that?" he asked no one.
        The ship responded, "That is the intruder alert. Someone has boarded
without
permission. Should I detain them?"
        "No, I'll go check it out. Maintain orders." If it was Washu he
didn't
want to hurt her.
He'd drop her off before he really left.
        Walking down the corridor of the ship he didn't even feel it lift
off.
He glanced at a
control terminal on his way though and saw a diagram of the ship moving
through
sub-space to the dimension the Masaki house was in, then lifting off into
a high orbit above
Japan. It was over in a matter of seconds.
        "Wow." he said.
        "It's a fast ship." Hiro's head snapped to where Ryoko stood in
front of
him.
        "What do you want?" he asked her with a scowl.
        "I came here for a reason. I ask you to hear me out with no
interruptions."
        Hiro relaxed a little, "Agreed. Let's go to the kitchen and get some
tea
though."

        They sat at the table in the kitchen. It was oak. The kitchen it's
self
had a rustic
decor, complete with an open flame grill off to one side. The tea was
excellent. Not as
good as Sasami's, but still pretty good.
        "Alright," Ryoko collated her thoughts, "I love Tenchi. He's been my
world for so
long... I guess I just never thought of anyone else meaning that much to
me. He still means
so much to me, and I don't think he'll ever not be my first true love...
but..." she paused
and looked up at him, "Oh hell. I'm just not that good with words. I
sound like Ayeka here.
The point is, would you settle for being my second true love?"
        Hiro was a little shocked. "You mean.... you love me too?"
        "Well yeah! Duh!" she knocked on his head.
        "You... uh.... well." he shut his mouth and stared at her. He
couldn't
think of
anything to say.
        "What I'm trying to get across here," Ryoko explained further, "is
that
I love
Tenchi, but I love you too. I guess if I have to wait around for Tenchi
for forever, and
you're hear and you want me now, then I'll go with you. It's not a first
or second choice
thing, it's just that you're more willing. Do you understand?"
        "Yeah." he smiled at her, "I do."
        "So you wont go and run off into space now?"
        Hiro smiled wickedly, "Lowrider?"
        "Yes sir." the computer responded.
        "That's cool." Ryoko said as she laughed a little.
        "Plot course to Io."
        "Yes sir. Engaging now."
        "Io?" Ryoko wondered at him.
        "It's one of Jupiter's moons..." he said with a smile. He stood,
walked
over to her,
and took her hand. She stood up and moved closer to him. Tilting her head
back a little as
his lips came closer, she closed her eyes....
        And found herself bent over backwards as he kissed her with a fiery
passion. She
gripped the back of his neck for balance and support, and kissed back as
forcefully as she
could. After a few minutes they finally came up for air.
        "Wow!" Ryoko said as she jumped up and wrapped her legs around his
waist,
"Now that's what I'm talkin' about!" She kissed him again and pressed her
ample breasts
against his chest.
        Hiro carried her like that down the hall to his quarters. There, he
dumped her into
the king sized bed and jumped in after her.

        As soon as the garments started flying around the room, Washu shut
off
the
monitor. She had more respect for them than that....
        "Ah, motherhood...." she leaned back  It looked like she would have
a
son now
too... well sort of. She didn't expect them to go off and get married
right away. Hiro was
still young and had to finish school. Still....
        Her family here was growing in so many ways. A daughter, a nephew, a
new
boyfriend, and now a son. Washu sighed a sigh of contentment.
        "A family..." she mused to no one....

Author's Notes:
Questions? Comments? Want to know what happens in Chapter 3?
Hey, while you're here, I'd like to put out a request. I need a
pre-reader who's interested in the Tenchi-verse to help me out. I'm sure
you've all seen the spelling errors and mistakes I make all the time, and
I like my work to be as good as it can be. Problom is, I can't find
anyone to pre-read for me. So if you're interested, give me an e-mail at
Japhith@Juno.com, and I'll send you whatever chapter you want to
pre-read, up through Chater 3. You can read it before it's posted!
-Jacob McDonald, Author
