This is a story involving Achika.  What would Tenchi’s life be like if his
mother was with him, and did not die?  I wanted to try something off the
wall and is different from what is already out there. This is my first
attempt at writing a fan fic so please ignore any typos or grammatical
errors.  This is the first part.
Disclaimer, I don’t own any these characters they are the property of
Pioneer and Aic.
Let me know what you think of this.  Send comments to
fro70550@cmsu2.cmsu.edu
An explanation about my story.  I attempting to set this during the OAV’s.
I have slightly changed some characters a bit.  For example Tenchi is  shy,
but a little more confident, and Mihoshi, well she is still Mihoshi, but
turns out to be slightly more intelligent than is to be believed. I hope the
end result will be well enjoyed.



What if?
A Tenchi Muyo fan fiction
Written by Felix

 It is early morning in the Misaki house.  We enter the kitchen and see two
women that are busy with cooking.  One has blue hair and ponytails and is
very young.  The other has long black hair.
 She speaks, “Sasami, Maybe it is time to wake Tenchi.”
 Sasami replies, “I’ll go!” She turns around and heads out of the kitchen.
 Tenchi is lying in bed and is half-awake and half-asleep.  He had a nice
dream that involved Kiyone, and Mihoshi and handcuffs.  Wondering where that
dream came from; he opens his eyes groggily, and sits up and is meet face to
face with Ryoko. The face of a demon that has been sitting up all night
greets Tenchi. “Good morning Tenchi!”  She says. Tenchi cries, “Ahhhhh!” and
proceeds to fall off the bed onto the floor.
 The woman with the long black hair speaks, “Never mind Sasami, looks like
Ryoko got there first.”
 Sasami returns to the kitchen and then giggles, “Yes, your right.  Can you
hand me a carrot?”
 We see Ryo-oh-ki enter the kitchen and transforms into her humanoid form.
“Meow, Meow!” she cries as she tries to reach for a carrot.
 Sasami speaks, “No Ryo-oh-ki you will spoil your appetite, you have to wait
for breakfast.”  Ryo-oh-ki is startled and falls off the counter and changes
back to her cabbit form.  Sasami giggles, “Silly thing.”
 From the kitchen the two women hear the loud footsteps.  The look at each
other and say, “Here we go again.”
Tenchi is still lying on the floor.  Footsteps could be heard and the door
is slid open.  Entering Ayeka is flushed and upset.  “What are you doing to
lord Tenchi?  You evil harlot!”

Ryoko stands, “Well, Tenchi and I were about to make love.  What do you
think a man and a woman do first thing in the morning.” Grinning evilly.
Ayeka her blood begins boil her face turns a color of red that should not be
possible.  A second later a dozen small floating logs appear. Ryoko says,
“So the little princess wants to play.”  Ryoko opens her hands and an energy
sphere begins to form.
Tenchi thinks to himself “I better get out of here.” He runs out the door. A
second later a very large explosion is heard.  Ryoko and Ayeka are both
sitting on the floor both are blackened and the Room is in terrible
disarray.  The walls have numerous holes in it.
Tenchi enters into the bathroom and begins his morning ritual.  “Why can’t
they get along?  Every morning it is the same thing.” While he brushes his
teeth.  “I wish things were like they used to be before everyone came here.”
Thinking to himself.
Mihoshi and Kiyone leave their room and walk down the hall.  They take a
look in what’s left of Tenchi’s room.  Mihoshi says, “I wish they would stop
fighting.”  Kiyone replies, “They would need to grow up first Mihoshi and
that seems unlikely.”  The pair walk down the stairs and enters the kitchen.
Sasami says, “Breakfast is almost ready, Kiyone please have a seat.  Kiyone
replies, “Is there anything I can help with?”  The woman with the black hair
turns.  “No Sasami and I have everything under control right now.”
A few minutes later Tenchi comes down stairs.  “A good shower is the best
way to start a day.”  Thinking to himself.  He enters the kitchen and sees
Mihoshi and Kiyone.  Kiyone speaks first, “Good morning Tenchi sleep well?”
Tenchi turns and replies his face begins to blush.  “I slept fine, but would
have been better without the morning fireworks. Good morning Mihoshi, how
are you this morning?”  Mihoshi blushes and giggles and thinking to herself.
“He is talking to me, don’t mess up.”  She answers, “I am doing very well
Tenchi.”
Tenchi walks past the table and heads toward the woman with the long black
hair.  She turns and is the first to speak. “Good morning my son.  Breakfast
is ready so go ahead and eat.” And proceeds to kiss him on the check.
Tenchi replies, “Thanks mom.” He sits next to Kiyone.
A few minutes later Ryoko and Ayeka enter and sit at the table, both are
recomposed and quite.  The meal is quite and nobody is speaking.  Tenchi
breaks the silence. “Where is little Washu and dad?”  Achika replies, “Washu
is working on a device and does not want to be disturbed today.  As for your
father, he had to leave for work early. He is getting ready to show the
plans for his new building” Tenchi replies, “I see.”  After the meal Tenchi
rises and turns to leave.  Achika says, “Where are you going?”
He replies, “I am going to go repair my room now.”  Achika looks at Ryoko
and Ayeka, who now have a large sweat drops on there foreheads.  She states,
“No, I have a better Idea.  Ryoko and Ayeka will repair the damage, besides
you have to train with your grandfather.”  Tenchi says, “O.k. mom I’ll head
over to the shrine now.”
 A little while later we see Ryoko and Ayeka hammering a board to the wall.
Ayeka is the first to speak. “You know this is your fault.”  Ryoko replies,
“How could it be my fault?  You were the one that attacked me first.”
Ayeka retorts, “Yes, but you should have not been in Lord Tenchi’s room,
you..you..Demon with loose morals.”  Immediately Ryoko gets upset. “I would
rather be a demon, than a stuck up little princess.  Why don’t you go back
to daddy, and your crazy mother!”  Both women begin to power up to fight.
Achika walks into the room.  Her face shows that she is not pleased, and
speaks, “Girls, I would like you to stop this right now.  Your guest in my
house, and I would like you to not fight in here.  If you need to fight take
it outside, but make sure it is after you finish your work here.”  Achika
turns and leaves.  Ryoko and Ayeka lower their heads.  It was the first time
Achika has ever risen her voice to them. The girls continue with their work
in silence.
 A few days earlier Kiyone makes her way up the Misaki shrine.  She knocks
on the door.  A deep voice is heard from in side.  “Come in Kiyone.”  Kiyone
wonders, “how did he know I was here?”  She sees a man with gray hair and
glasses.  Thinking to her self, “he is cute for an old man.”  Yosho speaks,
“What can I do for you Kiyone?” She speaks, “I was wondering if you could
help me.  I have not been practicing my combat skills for awhile now.  I was
wondering if you could train me?”  Yosho sips his tea and sets it down.  “My
techniques were only meant to pass to my family members.”  Kiyone bows her
head and begins to leave.  Yosho continues, “But, I can make an exception in
your case.”  Kiyone is delighted, “Thank you Yosho.”
 At the shrine, we see Yosho, and Achika sipping tea while they watch Tenchi
and Kiyone practicing their sword techniques.  In a low whisper Achika says,
“He is getting better father.”  Yosho replies, “Yes, his form is better, but
his power needs work.  You can have the best form, but if you don’t have
power, good form is useless.”  Achika sips her tea, “Give him time father,
you said the same thing about me remember?”  Yosho smiles and sips his tea.
Achika speaks, “Father, so when is grandmother Funahou coming to visit?”
Yosho replies, “She is coming in a few days and Lady Misaki is coming also.”
“What about grandfather Azuras?” Achika asked.  Yosho is silent, and thinks
for a moment.  “He is not coming.  He is displeased that I went against his
wishes and married your mother.  He does not want to accept Tenchi as a
crown prince and next in line for the throne.”  Achika sips at her tea and
says nothing.
 Yosho speaks, “Tenchi and Kiyone, it is time for you to spar begin.”
 Tenchi and Kiyone begin to circle each other like hunter to prey.  Their
bokkens are at the ready position.  Both are waiting for the other to attack
first.  Tenchi does have long to wait.  Kiyone makes the first move.  Yosho
says, “Tenchi, do not hold back.”  Tenchi replies, “I know grandpa!”  Tenchi
sees Kiyone charging and closing the distance between them.  Tenchi
sidesteps to the right.  Kiyone sees that she has left her self open for a
counter attack.  Tenchi sees an opportunity to attack, but does not attack.
Achika says, “Why does he not attack?”  Yosho speaks, “He is holding back,
because he is afraid of hurting Kiyone.”
Kiyone sees that Tenchi is holding back on her and gets very mad.  She fakes
an attack to the body and instead hits him in the head with her bokken.
Tenchi falls to the ground rubbing his head. Yosho speaks, “I told you
Tenchi don’t hold back.”  Achika is smiling and looking at her son.  Tenchi
gets angry and stands up brushing the dust off of him self.  He sees Kiyone
who is ready to fight.  This time Tenchi makes the first move.  He swings
for a head attack, but Kiyone blocks and counters with the same attack to
the head.  Tenchi is expecting this and nimbly ducks under the attack.
Before Kiyone can recover Tenchi steps in close and is able to deliver a
knee strike to Kiyone’s ribs.  As Kiyone doubles over in pain, Tenchi
delivers an elbow strike to the back of her neck.  Kiyone falls to the
ground and Tenchi backs up waiting.
 Yosho smiles while he speaks; “He is learning.”  Achika smiles, “I guess he
finally found that women are a little tougher than he thought.”  Yosho
speaks, “Kiyone is very aggressive, her form is very good, but her
aggressiveness leaves her open for attack.”
 Kiyone raises her self off the ground.  She charges and fakes a swing at
Tenchi’s head.  He falls for the false attack.  Kiyone delivers a front kick
to his chest.  Tenchi stumbles back and watches as Kiyone spins and hits him
in the head with a roundhouse kick.  Tenchi does not have time to get out of
the way.  Thinking to himself, “This will hurt.”  When the kick connects
Tenchi flows with the kick and uses Kiyone’s power to give him motion.  He
spins around and connects with a bokken shot to the head. Kiyone spins and
sweeps Tenchi’s legs from under him.  Tenchi lands hard and sees Kiyone’s
bokken pointed at his throat.  “Do you yield?” She says.
Yosho says, “I wonder what he will do in this situation.  Achika, what would
you do?”  Achika replies, “Well father I would knock the bokken away to the
side, and roll into the other direction.”
As the two continue speaking.  Tenchi acts and knocking Kiyone’s bokken to
the right, and he rolls to his left and kneels down.  Kiyone attacks but is
met with Tenchi’s blade.  Tenchi attacks low trying to take Kiyone's legs
out from under her.  She jumps over the bokken.  Tenchi is ready for this
and spins and connects with a roundhouse kick to Kiyone’s jaw as comes down.
Their training continues until Yosho decides they have trained enough.  Both
combatants look pretty beat up their hair is in disarray; both are sporting
a few shiners on their face.  Yosho speaks, “go and clean up, and put some
of this solvent on your bruises.”  He hands Kiyone a jar.  Achika speaks,
“your both very good, pretty soon both of you might have spar with me next.”
Kiyone smiles and says, “looking forward to that.”  Tenchi’s jaw dropped and
says, “wha..what?”  Achika sees her son’s look. “What did you think your
grandfather only taught men?   Tenchi and Kiyone turn and head down the
stairs toward the floating bathhouse.
Achika and Yosho are still talking.  “Seems like Tenchi finally showing some
signs that he likes one of the girls.” Achika stated.  “Is that so?  I think
Kiyone would be the best suited for him.”
Tenchi and Kiyone begin to talk.  “Why were you holding back on up there? Is
it because I am a woman?  I am a detective in the Galaxy Police.  I can take
some punishment.”  Kiyone said in an angry voice.   Tenchi begins to big
sweat and is uncomfortable.  He sees the beautiful blue eyes and try’s to
speak.  “Well, no Kiyone, it is not that at all.. .it ..is .. well.”  Kiyone
is waiting for an answer when all of a sudden Mihoshi appears from out of
nowhere.  Tenchi loses his train of thought. Kiyone says, “Damn it Mihoshi,
how the hell to you do that?”  Mihoshi replies, “What? You mean walking.
That is easy.”  Both Tenchi and Kiyone fall over to the ground.  She says,
“I was just kidding.  I don’t know how I am able to do that, but I have
always been able to since I was a child.” Tenchi looks at Mihoshi and he
sees that she also has  very beautiful blue eyes and they match her tan
skin.  He begins to think, “What am I doing stop that is not right.”
 Mihoshi speaks, “Well Sasami says dinner is almost ready, so I came out to
get you.”  Kiyone replies, “Thanks Mihoshi, but we need to clean up first.”
Mihoshi continues on her run up the stairs.
 Tenchi enters the bathhouse wearing a towel.  He looks around.  “I hope no
one is around, I don’t want to mess with Ryoko or Ayeka.”  Thinking to him
self.  He wades into the nice hot water and begins to sit down.  Then a
black hole appears under him.  “AAAhhhhh!” he yells until he finds him self
strapped onto a table.  He looks around and sees he is in Washu’s Lab.
Tenchi speaks, “Uh hello little Washu, what are you doing?” Washu turns
around and is dressed in her nurse’s uniform.  “I need to run some tests on
you Tenchi.”  Tenchi says with his voice a little annoyed. “You said you had
all the test done for now!”
Wahsu has an evil grin on her face.  “I do, but there is one I am missing.”
“What is it Tenchi ask?”  Tenchi asks nervously.  She says as the evil grin
becomes wider, “Why a semen sample of course.”  “Wh.. What .. NO way.”
Tenchi exclaims as he struggles to get out of the bonds that is holding him.
Wahsu slips on a pair of surgical gloves and walks to the table.  “Now this
won’t hurt a bit.  Let’s wake this little fellow up shall we. I will be very
gentle.”  Tenchi screams, “No stop, let me out of here.”  Washu lifts the
towel.  “Hello!” here eyes become wide.
 Mihoshi knocks at the door of Washu’s lab and she hears no response.
Thinking to her self, “Well, I don’t want Washu to miss dinner so I better
go in.”
Normally no one can enter the lab unless Washu wants them to.  Mihoshi on
the other has always, been able to enter.  It is dimly lit and she sees
Washu, whose back is turned.
 “Hello!” Washu exclaims.  Then Mihoshi says, “Excuse me.”  Washu is
surprised and falls over.  “Hey, how the hell did you get in here?” as she
turns to face Mihoshi.  “Well I turned the knob and walked in. It is not
like it is hard to open the door.”  Mihoshi stated.  Washu explains, “It is
not possible for anyone to get in here.”  Mihoshi states, “Are you and
Tenchi playing doctor again?”  She gives Washu a wink, and changes the
subject, “Dinner is almost ready.  Achika wants to know if you will be
joining us tonight?”  Mihoshi backs up and bumps into a button.  The button
unlocked Tenchi’s bonds.  Tenchi did not hesitate and bolted for the door.
 Wahsu and Mihoshi turn and see a smoke trail and a gust of wind passes
them.  In the hallway Tenchi runs past the dining room where the family is
sitting.  Nobuyuki Achika, Yosho, Kiyone, Sasami, Ayeka, Ryoko turn and
along with Mihoshi and Washu all think the same thing.  “Oh my he sure can
run fast can’t he.”
 A few minutes later Tenchi walks done stairs and into the dining area.
Everyone is already eating and Tenchi sits done next to Kiyone.  Nobouki
says, “Your mother said you and Kiyone had a good work out.”  Nobouki is
smiling and for some reason Tenchi thinks, “I don’t like the looks of this.
A big sweat drop appears as he sighs.
 Ryoko uses her chopsticks and reaches for the last slice of beef, and finds
that Ayeka has snatched it up.  “Hey that was mine”, cried Ryoko!  Ayeka
retorts, “Oh did you want this? You can have it, it will just add to plus
figure.”  Ayeka begins to giggle.  Ryoko begins to get Red.  She hears her
mother speaking to her through her mind link.  “Ryoko, it would not do to
start a scene here.”  Ryoko ignores the advice.  She states, “you know your
right Ayeka, you can have it you need to put on weight.  Tenchi does not
like large woman anyway.”  Ryoko begins to laugh.  Ayeka Stands and says,
“Just what do you mean by that you freeze dried evil Demon!”  Ryoko stands.
 Tenchi sighs here we go again.  He starts to feel angry.  Thinking to him
self he wonders,  “Why can’t they get along for a few minutes.”  His blood
starts to boil.
Everyone watches the event unfold.  Achika wonders if she should say
something.  “I will let Tenchi handle this if he can.”  She thinks. Yosho
wonders, “this is a good test for Tenchi, I wonder what he will do.” Both
Ryoko and Ayeka charges up their powers and prepares for battle.
 Mihoshi begins to stand, but Kiyone grabs her arm.  Mihoshi looks at
Kiyone.  Kiyone shakes her head.  Mihoshi says, “hey stop we are trying to
eat here.”  Sasami adds, “Ayeka you’re not showing any curtsey to our
 hosts.”  But both women are beyond the advice given them.  The air in the
room heats up.
 Before the explosion starts, the sound of chopsticks slammed done on the
table is heard.  Tenchi stands and cries, “Enough!  I have had it with both
of you.”  Both women stare at Tenchi, as does everyone at the table.  Tenchi
continues, “Ayeka, Ryoko outside now!”  Tenchi points toward the front door.
As Tenchi walks toward the door followed by Ayeka and Ryoko.
 Everyone at the table is silent and not eating.  The Door is slid shut
loudly.  Tenchi turns from the door and sees both Ayeka and Ryoko wondering
what is he going to do.
Tenchi is fuming, “Ryoko, why can’t you learn to share, can’t you settle
something without violence.”  Ayeka adds, “Well she is a space pirate you
know.”  Tenchi snaps at Ayeka, “And you Ayeka you can’t go 5 seconds with
starting something with Ryoko.”  Yelling at both of them, “This is my family
’s house, I show you both kindness and allowing you to stay here, but you
repay my family’s kindness by destroying the house.  Over what?  Nothing you
both fight over nothing.”  Tenchi takes a breath, “You both say you love me
and want to be with me, but you treat me like a toy or a prize to be had.  I
am a man not a toy, have either of you sat down to talk to me? No, both of
you have never asked whom I am happy with or not.  You assume, because I don
’t say anything my feelings don’t matter.  Do you want to know what I feel
about both of you?  At this moment I don’t care for either of you!  Once
Tenchi starts everything he is saying has been compiled over long months and
like a flood coming from a broken dam everything pours out. Tenchi
continues, “From now on starting now.  If you both want to stay these are
the rules.  One you both will get along.  Two no fighting in the house.
Three if you both can’t follow these rules than I don’t want either of you
in my house.”  Tenchi turns and heads for the front door.
 Everyone is listening to Tenchi yell at the girls.  No one is moving.  The
door slides open and is quickly slammed shut.  Footsteps are heard on the
stairs.  Yosho thinks, “I see Tenchi has finally had enough.”  Mihoshi’s
eyes begin to water.  She says, “he was to hard on them.”  Nobuyuki thinks,
“How can Tenchi ruin this wonderful life with so many lovely women.”  Achika
understands what her husband is thinking, and squeezes Nobuyuki’s hand and
shakes her head.  “He was very hard on them, I will have to talk to him
latter when he cools down.”  She thinks to her self. Kiyone thinks
privately, “Good for Tenchi, I am finally glad he stood up to those immature
girls.  Sasami can not believe what she has heard.  “How can Tenchi be so
mean, Ayeka can be a pain, but she did not deserve that.”  She wonders if it
is not’t time to go home.  Ryo-oh-ki “meow, meow.”  She understands that
something bad has happened and does not like it.
 Ryoko begins to float toward the roof of the house.  She is clearly crying
as she sits down on her favorite spot overlooking the lake.  Ayeka runs down
the path leading to Ryhoo. She too is crying her tears falling on the rocks
along the path.
 Tenchi is on his bed with his hands behind his head.  He is deep in
thought.  A knock is heard on the door and he knows who it is.  Achika voice
is heard. “Tenchi, can I come in?”  Tenchi replies, “Yes, mother.”  The door
is slid open and she enters she sits on the edge of the bed. She does not
speak and is waiting for Tenchi to begin.  “Mom, I know what your going to
say.  I know I was to hard on them and I should not have exploded like that,
but once I started everything just came out.”  Achika is listening to every
word.  Tenchi continues, “You know what I have been through these last few
months, but I have no right to take it out on them.  Mom, what am I going to
do? I know they care for me, but they treat me like a toy.”
Achika speaks, “Well, Tenchi your situation is not normal.  You must learn
to adjust to the gifts given to you, it will take time but it will work out.
As for Ryoko and Ayeka, well you need to understand something.  Ayeka is a
princess and is very strong willed.  Ryoko, on the other hand is
experiencing emotions she does not completely understand.  She resorts to
ways she does understands, and it just happens to be in an aggressive
manner.  Both women are of strong willed and will not yield.  Under Jurian
law, you will be able to marry two women.  Do you care for either of them?”
Tenchi is listening and replies, “Mother, I care for both of them deeply,
but I do not know if my feelings are as serious as they assume.”  Tenchi
rises off the bed and stands and heads for the door.  “Mother, you always
know what to say to me to see things clearly, I am going to talk to them
now.”  He bows and leaves the room.  Achika watches as he leaves his room.
She thinks to herself.  “My son you are growing so fast, it seems just
yesterday I was holding you in my arms.  You were so tiny and beautiful,
those days are over and you are growing into a man now.”  A tear appears to
fall along the side of her face.
Tenchi leaves the house and heads to where Ryoko is sitting.  He climbs on
the house. He sees Ryoko holding Ryo-oh-ki she is clearly crying.
 Earlier we see Ryoko sitting with her legs crossed and crying deeply.
Thinking to herself, “Oh Tenchi I did not mean to upset you.  If you only
understood how much I love you.  You mean the world to me, I could not live
with out you.”  Ryo-oh-ki comes to Ryoko side and cuddles up against her.
She understands the pain her mistress is having.  “Meow, Meow, Meow.”  Ryoko
picks Ryo-oh-ki up and as the tears cascade down her face.  “How did you
become so smart?  Ryoko smiles, “Your right Ryo-oh-ki I just need to give
him more time.”
Sitting in her lab Washu is listening to her daughter and understands her
pain.  Thinking back to the day her life was shattered when her child was
taken from her.  “My daughter if I could take your pain I would.”  She
speaks to Ryoko, “Ryoko, if you need to talk I am here for you always.  I
know what your feelings for Tenchi are like.  Understand that he cares for
you, but try not to smother him so much.  You are in a way scaring him, his
feelings just like yours, he is experiencing them for the first time too.”
“Mother, I love him so much without him my life has no meaning.  I have
never cared for anyone like this.  I feel so alive and free, when I am
around him.”  Ryoko cries.  “Ryoko, If you truly value Tenchi then give him
the time to find his feelings, and if has the same feeling for you let him
express them when he is ready.”  Washu says.  “Mother maybe your right thank
you for being here for me.”  Ryoko replies. Wahsu replies. “That is what I
am here for my daughter.”
 Tenchi approaches Ryoko.  Ryo-oh-ki sees him coming and gives him an evil
look and she hops away.  Ryoko turns and sees Tenchi.  Tenchi sees her eyes
are swollen with the tears.  It is quite the only sounds that can be heard
are the birds singing a song of sorrow.  Tenchi sits down next to Ryoko he
reaches over and grasps her hand and looks deep into her eyes.  Ryoko
speaks, “Tenchi, I know you care for Ayeka more than me so you don’t have to
worry I will not be in the way.”  “Ryoko, I am deeply sorry for yelling at
you earlier.  If I could change what I did I would.  I came to tell you
that…”  Ryoko is listening to what he is saying.  “Ryoko I have something to
confess.  I do care for very deeply.  You know when I was very young, and my
mother brought me to your cave for the first time. I saw you and found that
you were truly beautiful.  I was so small but that was what I understood.  I
continued to come to the cave against grandfathers wishes, because…”  Tenchi
pauses before continuing on. “I had hoped to see you again.”  Ryoko is
stunned to what has been said.  “Tenchi, then you do really care for me?”
Tenchi reaches his hands and holds Ryoko’s face and draws her closer.  Ryoko
’s world is in slow motion. Tenchi’s lips gently touch hers in a tender
kiss. The kiss releases a thousand sensations in both of them.  Nothing
exists at the moment but the two of them.  Eventually the kiss ends.  Both
are quite until Tenchi speaks.  “Ryoko, I am going to tell Ayeka the same
thing.  You both want to know what I feel.  I care deeply for both of you
and I don’t want to hurt either of you.  I will admit one thing since I am
the heir to the throne I can have to wives.  Before we continue I would like
for both of you to try to get along.  I will make a decision when I am ready
to truly commit myself to a relationship.  I am asking for a little time.
You waited an awful long time for me to release you, so if you can wait just
a little longer you will not be disappointed.”  Tenchi kisses Ryoko again
and rises to leave.  Ryoko is still sitting and begins to cry again, but the
tears are not of sorrow, but of happiness.   Ryoko speaks to her mother,
“Mother, you were right, you were right.”
 Tenchi walks along the path leading to Ryhoo.  He sees Ayeka crying on her
knees her tears are dropping into the water causing ripples in the calm
water.
 Ayeka is crying heavily thinking to herself, “Oh Lord Tenchi why can you
not see my feeling for you are real and they are true.  I would never
willingly hurt you ever; I will do anything for you.  If I needed to go to
the depths of hell I would do it for you.”  Out of the brush on the other
side of Ryhoo Sasami comes out.  Tenchi ducks into the nearest bush.  He is
still trying not to revile his position.   Sasami speaks, “Ayeka, are you
ok?  You have been gone a long time and I was worried about you.”  Ayeka
wipes her face and speaks, “I am sorry for worrying you Sasami.  I just
needed some time to myself after what Tenchi said.”  Sasami is angry,
“Tenchi was mean he had no right to say that, but he was right Ayeka.
Tenchi does not like it when you fight over him with Ryoko.  Can’t you get
along with Ryoko, you know Tenchi can marry both of you like daddy did with
mommy and Lady Funahou.  Do you want to leave and return home Ayeka?  I know
Tenchi cares for you a lot, I have seen it.”  Ayeka is surprised, “Really?”
Tenchi stands up and walks toward the two princesses.  Sasami sees him first
and says, “I am mad at you for what you did Tenchi!”  A big sweat drop
appears on Tenchi’s head he stammers. “I am truly sorry Sasami, I will make
it up to you any way I can.”  Sasami replies, “I have to go now.”  She
passes Tenchi.  Tenchi can feel the coldness as Sasami heads for the house.
Ayeka obviously very angry snaps, “Lord Tenchi, Sasami and I will be leaving
after my mother visits along with Lady Funahou.  So you can be with your
demon woman.”  “Ayeka please let me speak and if you don’t like what you
hear then make your decision. “Ayeka, I care for you very deeply.  I told
Ryoko this and now I am telling you.  You are used to ordering people around
and having the orders followed for whatever you say, but I am not a subject
that you can do that to.  I am also of noble birth; you have to understand
that this is new to me.  I don’t know how to act when around you. I am truly
trying Ayeka, but I must have time to sort out my true feeling for you and
Ryoko.  I am asking a lot of you to try to get along with Ryoko.  You both
mean the world to me and until tonight I never truly understood how lucky I
was to be in the presence of two of the Universes most beautiful women that
care for me.  If I have not convinced you to stay then maybe this will help
you decided.”  Tenchi knells down and looking into the deep purple eyes
gently kisses Ayeka.  Ayeka is stunned, but does not struggle.  She lets her
feelings take over and can not believe that she has dreamed about this for
so long.  The kiss seems to last a lifetime, but like life it eventually
ends.  Tenchi stands and speaks, “I don’t want you to leave Ayeka.”  With
that said Tenchi leaves Ayeka deep in thought.
 The next morning Tenchi wakes and does not see Ryoko.  He heads to the
bathroom for the early morning rituals. No sound of battle can be heard.
Tenchi heads down stairs and into the kitchen and no one is there.  That is
strange he thinks to himself.  Oh well I will head to the shrine and see
grandpa.  The long walk he begins to think about the events that unfolded
last night.  How could I be so stupid, Mom was right I am to hot headed and
need to think before speaking.  I just hope I did not ruin Ayeka and Ryoko
friendship.  The sounds of bokkens can be heard.  As Tenchi reaches the top
he sees his mother and Kiyone dueling.  Right away he sees that Kiyone is
not doing so well.  Achika speaks, “You know you need more practice, I truly
do not see how you got to be a Galaxy Police detective with that type of
skill.  They must be lowering standards.”  Kiyone is furious, and attacks
Achika head, but her technique is sloppy and Achika easily blocks and
grabbing Kiyone’s GUI and hip tosses her to the ground.    Achika bokken is
pointing at Kiyone’s throat. Tenchi has seen this attack before, mother used
it on me not to long ago. Remembering back, “Tenchi, you must never let your
anger cloud your judgement.  An enemy will try to entice you into making a
mistake.  Never let them see that their words have upset you.  You need to
keep a face that shows no emotion.”   Back to the present, Achika tells
Kiyone, “You are very good Kiyone, but you allowed yourself to be affected
by my words.  That is how I was able to defeat you must never let your
attacker cloud your judgment.”   She helps Kiyone to her feet and she sees
her son.  She jumps and attacks Tenchi.  Tenchi has no time to think his
training has become second nature to him and his body reacts.  Achika brings
her bokken in a downward slash, but is surprised to find Tenchi is not
there.  Tenchi has combat rolled out of the way.  His roll has carried him
behind his mother.  Yosho is sitting on his rock smiling.  Thinking to
himself, “Yes, Tenchi you must be ready for an attack at anytime.”  Tenchi
springs to his feet and spins with a roundhouse kick, which strikes Achika
in the back of the head.  He could not believe what he just did.  His
hesitance cost him his advantage.  Achika was stunned for a second but
recovers she spins around with a backhand slash hits Tenchi in the ribs.
Tenchi doubles over and feels an elbow hitting the back of his neck.  He
falls heavily to the ground in pain.  Achika speaks, “Tenchi, once you have
the advantage you must press the attack if you hope to win.”  Tenchi
struggles to his feet, “Yes mother I will remember that next time.”  Achika
tosses her bokken to her son.  She goes and sits next to Yosho.  She speaks,
“Tenchi you and Kiyone begin with the basic patterns.”  Both students reply,
“Hai!”  Both Yosho and Achika are drinking tea.  Yosho speaks, “Tenchi got
you good, it was a nice counter move.  Reminds me of someone, but I wonder
who?” Achika pushes her father.  “Oh father stop teasing me.  That actually
hurt.”  She looks at the two students they are both very good. “We should be
proud of them both.”  Yosho replies, “Yes, but they both have a lot of work
ahead of them.”
  To be continued.
 Chapter 2: The plot thickens and the emergence of the enemy.  Next up the
Marshal.
