Tenchi Muyo! What in the world is going on? (Good Sample)

"Tenchi Muyo" and all its characters are owned by Pioneer LDC, AIC, and its contributors. All 
rights reserved. I reserve all rights to the story and plot though. *grins*

Tenchi Masaki was just waking up to the sound of heavy rain outside, and as he rubbed his eyes, 
sat up, and opened his window blind he realized that it was really dark out today. Black clouds 
blotted out the sun, and Tenchi yawned. "Oh man. I hope I don't have to do any work outside today
in that kind of weather." He looked around his room, noticing that Ryoko wasn't anywhere in it, 
and shrugged, deciding to go get ready for the day. Tenchi opened the door to his room to see 
that Ryoko was asleep on the floor right next to his door, leaning against the wall with her 
head hanging forward. He sighed. She had listened to him when he said he didn't want her in his 
room all night, but now she was taking to sleeping NEAR his room, to protect him or something. 
Tenchi kneeled down next to the sleeping Ryoko, gently picked her up and carefully carried her 
into his room, setting her on his bed. Ryoko moaned softly, turning over onto her side. He heard
a soft thunderclap. "Don't want you to get all stiff or anything." He said softly. He pulled the 
bed sheet over her, then stopped and watched her sleep, a smile on his face. He shook his head 
lightly and went back to the morning routine. 

Mihoshi was tiredly trying to pilot her ship back to Tenchi's house, exhausted from that extremely 
long ship-chase she'd had to do. She had gotten a call from Yukinojo that a stolen ship was in 
the area, and had gone up in her ship to arrest the suspect. It took her three hours to finally 
catch and arrest that crazy driver, and she'd gone clear across two whole sectors! She had caught 
him though, receiving more praise for catching another wanted criminal and being offered another 
position in central command. She'd refused, wanting to stay in the area she was in, near Earth. 
Her superiors had accepted this answer reluctantly, and now she was on her way back, but at least 
she had just passed Earth's moon. Mihoshi yawned as Yukinojo told her there was a strange energy 
pocket forming directly in their path. "What do you mean? Is it like that last time?" she 
questioned. "I'm afraid not Mihoshi. If we where to collide with this one, this ship would be 
badly damaged, but due to its sudden formation we can not totally avoid it!" Mihoshi gasped and 
shouted, "We're being pulled towards this one too! Oh no!!" She immediately grabbed the controls 
and pulled them back, pressing buttons with her other hand, but it was no use. Her ship trembled 
as the energy pocket fought to keep hold of them, then her ship jerked forward and began to spiral 
towards it. Mihoshi screamed and held onto the control chair, closing her eyes at the sudden 
flood of bright light.

Cheerfully humming a tune she had known since she was little (in spite of the dreary weather), 
Sasami set the last dish on the table, then set a small plate of mixed vegetables down on the 
floor near the table for Ryo-ohki. "Breakfast is ready!" she shouted, just as Tenchi entered the 
room. "Great! I'm really hungry!" he said, then looking around. "But where is Ayeka and Mihoshi? 
And Washu?" Sasami sighed, answering "Ayeka should be down soon, but Washu is still in her lab 
working on that magnetic bomb. Mihoshi has been gone since last night... I hope nothing happened 
to her." Tenchi noticed the worried look that was on Sasami's face, and smiled at her. "Don't 
worry! Mihoshi's a Galaxy Police officer, after all! I'm sure she's just busy catching criminals!" 
Sasami nodded, grinning a bit as Ryo-ohki rushed into the room. "You're probably right Tenchi. 
Hey! Ryo-ohki! You can't eat until everyone's here!" Sasami exclaimed as she snatched Ryo-ohki 
away from the vegetables just as the cabbit was going to chow on the carrot pieces. "I'll go 
get...Washu. Hopefully she doesn't want to experiment on me again!" Tenchi told her as he entered 
the scientist's domain, feeling a little nervous. 

When Tenchi entered the door to the lab though, instead of finding himself in the normal entrance 
where Washu usually was, he found himself tumbling down into empty space. He let out a surprised 
shout just as he hit hard on some kind of large circular object, which knocked the wind out of 
him. After recovering enough to move, Tenchi looked up to see the doorway he fell out of about 
twenty feet above him. It closed and vanished. "Oh great. Wonder where I am now?" he said, 
standing up cautiously on the pile of machinery he was on. Tenchi looked around to find that 
there was nothing but huge mountains of things all around him: busted machinery, large metallic 
domes twice as big as his house (thrown about in various directions), huge multi-colored crystals, 
destroyed ships, and all sorts of things he couldn't even recognize. While he stared at the 
'scenery' he didn't notice the small blue orb now floating behind him. Snapping out of his awe, 
he suddenly remembered something. "I've got to figure out how to get out of here!" He looked 
down at his feet to see if he could find anything useful, but nothing stood out. Just as he 
decided to try to build up some kind of pile to the doorway, he heard a couple of voices. "Well 
what do we have here, A?" "Looks like a visitor to me, B!" Tenchi turned around to see that the 
voices belonged to a pair of little chibi-robots (or something) that beared a resemblance to 
Washu. (One had an A on its belt and the other had a B) He grinned a little at the sight, and 
noticed that when they talked they flapped their arms up and down. "Lets give him our super-
great intro, A!" one said. "The GREATEST intro, B!" From out of nowhere spotlights appeared on 
them and they began to do some kind of spinning dance. A large sweat bead appeared on Tenchi's 
face.

Washu, now sitting at the table waiting patiently for Ayeka and Ryoko, looked over at Sasami 
(who had Ryo-ohki on her head) as she came back from the kitchen with a drink. "Oh there you are 
Washu! Tenchi got you out here pretty quick this time! Is he still in the lab?" Washu gave 
Sasami a curious look. "What are you talking about? He didn't come in my lab." She said. Sasami 
raised an eyebrow, replying "But I just saw him go in there a few minutes ago! You didn't see 
him?" Washu shook her head. "I was right at the entrance Sasami. No one came in." Sasami got a 
worried look on her face again. "What happened to Tenchi then?" Washu thought for a moment, then 
turned to face the door to her lab, bringing up her computer screen and hitting a few keys. 
Nothing visibly happened to the door, but Washu got up and opened it to reveal the storage room 
that was there before her lab. There was nothing in it. "Nope. That isn't it." Washu sighed and 
restored her lab. Sasami frowned and started to say "But-" when Washu held up a hand. "I believe 
you Sasami, but I can't see where Tenchi would be. He would have to either end up in my lab or 
in the storage room. Unless..." Before Washu could finish, Ryoko appeared at the table and smiled 
at them. "Good morning!" she stated, but then she noticed that Washu and Sasami where looking a 
little concerned about something. "What's going on?" Ryoko asked.  "Tenchi went into that door 
but didn't come into Washu's lab!" Sasami stated, looking panicked. "What? What's that mean?"  
Ryoko asked, turning to Washu, who sighed and looked at the computer screen. "Earlier today I 
noticed some dimensional fluctuations around this area, but they where minor, and I stopped 
monitoring them about an hour ago. They could be occurring more frequently with greater 
magnitude right now, and since I wasn't able to determine the factor that caused them, I really 
don't know how long this will last." Sasami and Washu just blinked. "What's a dimensional fluc...
tuation?" questioned Sasami. "That means that some really weird things are going to be happening 
around here for a while. So be prepared for anything." Ryoko and Sasami nodded, still not quite 
sure of what this was about. Noboyuki then enter the room and greeted them, getting ready to eat 
some breakfast. Ryoko closed her eyes and smiled at him, then heard cloth ripping or something, 
then she heard a thud. "Huh?" she said, looking around. Sasami and Washu where staring at her in 
amazement, but Noboyuki was passed out on the floor, his nose bleeding (and twitching every few 
seconds or so, too). Ryoko then looked at herself and found that her clothes where gone! Standing 
up and clenching her fists, she flew up into the air vanished. "Told ya! It's getting weirder 
already! Her clothes just burst into cloth confetti!" Washu stated with a slight smile. Sasami's 
face turned a deep red color. "Uh-oh....I hope that doesn't happen to me. Especially around 
Tenchi! I better get some tape!" With that Sasami rushed off to find some duct tape, and Washu 
burst into laughter. She could tell the young princess that tape wouldn't stop her clothing from 
doing what Ryoko's had, but what would be the fun in that? She wanted to see how much tape 
Sasami was going to use. After Washu had gotten control over herself, she went over to revive 
Noboyuki.

A few minutes later a scream could be heard throughout the house, and Ayeka rushed downstairs 
with a furious look on her face. "Washu! Sasami! Come and help me stop Ryoko! That villain is 
ransacking my room!!" Washu looked at her for a second, then said "Ok!" and followed Ayeka up to 
her room. Washu could guess what had happened, but she still wanted to see this. Ayeka led her 
into her room and pointed towards Ryoko, who had thrown nearly all of the princess's clothing on 
the floor into a huge heap, and also who was now wearing one of Ayeka's kimonos! "Oh man!! This 
is a little tight on my chest!" Ryoko stated, pulling it up a little to loosen it. "How dare you! 
You're going to stretch all my beautiful outfits out and ruin them! What do you think you're 
doing?!" Ayeka shouted at the similarly dressed Ryoko. "Ayeka, don't get too upset. All of 
Ryoko's clothing was destroyed. Just like I had expected." Washu said casually. "You see, we're 
having some kind of dimensional fluctuations here. Those basically change certain factors of the 
reality that we know, and can be somewhat... bizarre for that lack of a better word. So now 
Ryoko has NO clothing. It's all confetti." Ayeka stared at Washu, then turned to Ryoko, who 
said "Noboyuki passed out the second he saw me! I'm never going to be in the same room with him 
again!" Ayeka smiled a little at this, then heard her sister come in. "I'm all ready! Now let's 
go find Tenchi!" Sasami said with a smile, now wearing a shiny silver dress. "Sasami?...where 
did you get that outfit? It's simply..." Ayeka started. Washu grinned and stepped towards 
Sasami, taking a closer look at the dress. Looking at the sleeve, you could see a bit of blue 
cloth underneath the silver. Washu stepped back and began laughing, while Ayeka and Ryoko got 
confused expressions on their faces. Laughing even harder now, Washu managed to burst out 
"It's...it's ...made of...tape!!" and continued laughing so hard she had to lean up against the 
wall. "Huhhh??" (Ayeka and Ryoko) "Wellll...I didn't want my clothes to fly off like Ryoko's, so 
I put this tape all over this dress! I hope it works!!" There was a minute of silence, and Ryoko 
and Ayeka both burst out laughing like Washu. "Hey! Tenchi wouldn't laugh at me!!" Sasami said 
angrily, getting no response from any of them as they continued. "Hmph!!" Sasami crossed her 
arms and left the room, slamming the door behind her to lessen the sound. (Note: Tsunami's 
probably laughing at this too.) 

Tenchi was still trying to figure out a way to get out of wherever he was, except now those 
weird chibi-Washu dolls where following him. "Come on A! Let's help out our Visitor!" "You got 
it B! He needs our help!" Tenchi sighed. It wasn't so bad that they followed him but how they 
talked! And they hardly stopped! "Hey you two, can you tell me if there's a way to get out of 
here? I don't really even know how I got here, you see, cause I was just trying to get into 
Washu's lab and..." Before he could finish the little robots got an angry (or the angriest they 
could) expression and shouted "WASHU?!? No way! We wont help a friend of Washu!" one said. 
"That's right! No help for you! You can forget it!" the other said. With the they quickly hopped 
down the steep hill or junk they where on and ran off. "Oh great. Now what?" Tenchi said. The 
camera pans out to show him standing on the top of a huge 'moutain' with no way to get down and 
no way to get up to the door he fell out of. 

More to come!

Author note: This is a part of a longer story that I'm working on, which I will submit later. 
This is just so you know that I'm not dead or anything, and so my writing gets read (even if 
it's a small part). The rest will come soon, but im planning this to be a long story, so there 
will be a lot more.
