===============

Wheels of Fire!

===============

Ayeka Takes a Ride - A "Tenchi Muyo" fan fiction
------------------------------------------------
(c)2001, Thomas McKee


It was a day like any other day in the Masaki household.  Our Lady Ayeka 
felt she a
wonderful future laid out before her.  No longer would she be beset with 
doubts and fears
about whom Tenchi loved most of all and whom he really wanted to spend the 
rest of his life
with.  No longer would she have to worry that other women might take the man 
she loved away
her.  Best of all, no longer would she have to forsake her poise and royal 
dignity when her
temper erupted on seeing any other woman make a move on him.

The reason for Ayeka's happy frame of mind was that Tenchi had cast in his 
lot with her some
months before. What prompted him to do so only Ayeka and her little sister 
knew.  (To find
out what exactly it was, go to 
"http://www.philosophysw.com/aeka-sm/entrance.html")  She
remembered as clearly as if it had happened only hours before how Tenchi 
proposed to her,
how her heart jumped, stopped and did a Highland Fling simultaneously and 
how readily she
had said, "Yes, I will!  I will!"  It goes without saying that so far she 
had never
regretted it.

It is true that for the first few weeks after Tenchi's proposal, Ayeka's 
fiercest rival for
his heart, Ryoko, had become a mortal enemy to both Ayeka and Tenchi.  
Indeed, Ryoko had
made very intricate plans to destroy them both and then herself, leaving a 
crater in the
Earth ten thousand kilometres wide and eight thousand kilometres deep.  
Fortunately, as the
months passed, Ryoko came to accept that she could not have Tenchi as a 
lover and she still
had the friendship of everyone in the Masaki household.

Ayeka's other main concern was getting the approval of her father, Emperor 
Azusa of Jurai.
She felt she had a good case on her side, mainly that Tenchi was of Juraian 
royal blood like
her original bridegroom-to-be, Tenchi's grandfather Yosho.

On this particular day, as he and Ayeka were sharing a soda in a corner café 
near Tenchi's
school, Tenchi noticed his fiancée was more restless than usual.  When he 
asked her what the
trouble was, Ayeka asked him, "Tenchi, do you know how long it's been since 
I first started
living on Earth?"

"Oh more than a year now -- a year and four months," replied Tenchi.

"That's right," said Ayeka.  "And in all that time I've rarely ventured 
outside the bounds
of this household."

"Well, wasn't there that time we all went to Tokyo for that TV show?"

"True," said Ayeka, "and the day we all went to the beach... but what's 
really bugging me is
this: I'm the Crown Princess of Jurai and I've been living on Earth all this 
time.
Effectively I'm Jurai's unofficial ambassador to Earth."

"Yes, I see what you're getting at," said Tenchi thoughtfully.  "You want to 
find out more
about this place."

"Of course," replied  Ayeka.  "It's a small planet, but there's so much to 
see here.
Besides, when I go back to Jurai, people will be asking me innumerable 
questions about
Earth, and because I've seen so little of the place I won't be able to 
answer the half of
them.  I'll just look so stupid."

"Do what Julius Caesar did when he wrote about Britain," suggested Tenchi. 
"Make up your
stories."

"For shame!  You know I can't do that," Ayeka rebuked Tenchi.  "No one of 
royal blood should
invent stories about foreign people and places.  It would bring disgrace 
upon myself and my
family.  Besides, gossip-mongers on Jurai have an uncanny ability to detect 
lies and
half-truths in a matter of minutes.  They've got a sixth sense that tabloid 
journalists on
Earth would give their eye teeth for."

"Well,  couldn't you do some exploring right now on Ryo-oh-ki?" suggested 
Tenchi.

Ayeka sighed.  "No, I don't know how to pilot Ryo-oh-ki as I could Ryu-oh.  
And it would be
asking too much of Ryoko to take me on board Ryo-oh-ki just so that I could 
go sight-seeing.
In any case I'm afraid that incident with the nitro-glycerine is still too 
recent."  (The
details of that incident have been wrapped in secrecy in order to protect 
the author of this
story.)

"Well, there are still plenty of other means of transport..." began Tenchi.

Ayeka's face suddenly brightened up.  "Oh, that's true.  I wonder if 
Nobuyuki will let me
use his car."

"What?  Are you sure you know how to use it?"

"I'm certain of it," said Ayeka, displaying a confidence that made Tenchi 
quite uneasy.
"There's the steering wheel, the accelerator, the brakes and the clutch and 
gear control.
There's nothing in a motor-car that wasn't on Ryu-oh."

"But Ryu-oh didn't run on petrol," said Tenchi rather feebly.

"Oh, that's just a minor detail..."  Ayeka broke off in mid-sentence.

One of Tenchi's classmates had wandered in.  "Hey, Masaki-kun, you're 
treating your girl?
You're going to need something hotter than a soda."  It was impossible for 
anyone in
Tenchi's school not to know when Shiratori-sempai was in the vicinity.  He 
exuded
confidence, brashness and arrogance.  He had the reputation for being 
capable of any
derring-do and whenever he had a gut feeling that something was beyond his 
capacity he had
a way of bluffing his way out of it.  He was also a known ladies' man.

Now Tenchi wasn't exactly fond of Shiratori but neither did he dislike him 
and one had to be
civil in the presence of a princess in any case.  "I haven't seen you around 
for a while.
What's new?" said Shiratori.

"Oh, Ayeka's thinking of getting a car," said Tenchi.

"So, she's going to get wheels to go with her looks?" said Shiratori.  "A 
pink Mazda
Capriccio would suit you, sweetie," he said to Ayeka.

"What's that when it's at home?" asked Ayeka.

"You don't know?" said Shiratori.  "The Mazda Capriccio is a slick little 
convertible,
craziest little thing on four wheels!  Not your common or garden family 
saloon..."  All
this went right over Ayeka's head.

"What's she like as a driver?  Classy?" Shiratori asked Tenchi.

"Actually, she still has to take driving lessons," said Tenchi.  Shiratori 
was astonished!
How could such a hot girl not even know how to drive?  He had been brought 
up to regard a
driver's licence as a birthright.  Still, it went a long way to explaining 
her sparse
knowledge of cars.

"Hey, I could teach you how to drive someday," said Shiratori to Ayeka.

"You could?" said Ayeka.  Tenchi sensed that Shiratori was about to make his 
move on her...
but then he had a notion that Shiratori could be taken down a peg or two.

"Okay," said Tenchi, "You two can start lessons whenever you've got spare 
time."

* * * * * *

The next day the peaceful atmosphere of the Masaki household was disturbed 
by roaring and
screeching. This time it wasn't Ayeka and Ryoko having yet another spat; the 
roaring was
at a lower pitch than usual and the screeching at a higher pitch.  It was 
Shiratori in an
unrealistically flash car - a monster truck disguised as a sports car.

"What?  Another new car?" said Tenchi, coming out to meet Shiratori.  I was 
expecting you
to turn up in your Toyota Carina."

"Oh, that went ages ago," said Shiratori.  "This car suits me a lot better."

'Oh, it certainly does,' thought Tenchi as Ayeka was looking at the car as 
if it was
something from a freak show.  He wondered if it was such a good idea to let 
Shiratori give
Ayeka driving lessons in that contraption.

As Ayeka settled as best she could into the driver's seat Shiratori prattled 
on.
"Now this machine's got a 425 horsepower with a 2,400 cubic engine.  I mean 
it's not even
legal to make cars like these in Japan..."

"Is there any way to adjust the seat?" asked Ayeka.  "I can't seem to get 
comfortable."

"There's a lever underneath the seat," said Shiratori.  Ayeka fumbled 
beneath the
PVC-covered seat and felt something that resembled a lever.  She pulled it 
up and felt
herself fall backwards into a recumbent position as the catch holding the 
back of the seat
was released.

"Oops, that's not it."  Ayeka then felt underneath the passenger seat and 
pulled another
lever and the back of Shiratori's seat shot forward and Shiratori's head hit 
the
dashboard.  More fumbling underneath both seats followed and they managed to 
get their
seats back into the proper position for driving.  They then put on their 
seat belts at
Shiratori's suggestion.  It was a wise idea, thought Shiratori, since this 
lady had
obviously never been behind the wheel of a car before.

Shiratori decided to begin the lesson with the most basic instructions.  
"Okay, now, you
see that key down there in the ignition?  Turn it clockwise to start the 
engine."  Ayeka
followed the instruction and the engine started running.

"Now, see that long, skinny pedal on the right?  That's the accelerator.  
Press it down."
Ayeka followed the instruction, the engine roared like a lion having molten 
iron poured
over it.

"Ryu-oh was never as noisy as this, even underwater.  And why isn't the car 
moving?"  asked
Ayeka.

"You've still got the handbrake on."

"Oh, I see," said Ayeka as she released the handbrake.  A cloud of mud and 
dust billowed up
around the rear wheels and the car shot off towards the main road.

Tenchi watched as the car disappeared and the noise of the engine faded into 
the distance.
This was looking less and less like a good idea all the time.  'If he tries 
anything funny
with her, I'll break his neck!'

The power car cruised along the main road at top speed.  "And this pedal on 
the left is the
brake..." said Ayeka, pressing down on the said pedal but still keeping her 
other foot on
the accelerator.  The car went from 180 kilometres per hour to zero in just 
under three
seconds and Shiratori felt his innards being thrust from his abdomen up to 
his collar bone.

"I think I'm getting the hang of this machine," said Ayeka.  This did not 
assure Shiratori
at all.  He had doubts that he would get out of this car in less than forty 
pieces.  "What
does this pedal in the middle do?" asked Ayeka.

"That's the clutch," said Shiratori as calmly as he could.  "You press that 
down when you
change gear."

"Right, so I push the clutch pedal," said Ayeka, pushing the middle pedal 
with her left
foot while still keeping her right foot firmly on the accelerator.  The car 
stood still
whilst making a noise that only a jet fighter 'plane could match.  
"...Change up to top
gear and take off the clutch."

Shiratori was on the point of shouting, "No!  Don't!" but it was too late.  
The car blazed
away at even greater speed.

You may be wondering, gentle reader, how Ayeka could remain so calm and 
collected while
Shiratori's nerves were in the process of being shredded.  The reason is 
that Ayeka was
used to riding in vehicles that started off like bullets.  In former days 
she quite often
went into space on Ryu-oh and Jurai has a greater escape velocity than 
Earth.

At length Shiratori mustered the wherewithal to cry out," Stop!  For G-'s 
sake!  You're
going to-"  Ayeka yanked up the handbrake and the car came to a jarring 
halt.

"What's wrong?" she asked.  Then she noticed a set of traffic lights in 
front of her.  They
were on red and she knew enough about road discipline on Earth to realise 
that the red
light means stop.  Shiratori's respite didn't last long for the lights 
changed to green and
Ayeka pressed down on the accelerator once more, then released the handbrake 
and off went
the car at a nightmarish speed.

Soon they found themselves tearing along a dual carriageway.  Ayeka couldn't 
help but
notice something wasn't right as she drove along the carriageway on the 
right-hand side.
Why were all the other vehicles coming towards them?  And why was Shiratori 
behaving so
strangely?  She spent about four minutes swerving wildly to avoid a head-on 
collision when
it occurred to her that she was in the wrong carriageway.

Well she had to find some way of getting into the other side, but there was 
no break in the
barrier that she could see.  "I'll have to make a U-turn.  But can I do it 
without crashing
into another vehicle?"

A police car with its siren wailing had been pursuing Ayeka and Shiratori in 
the left-hand
lane and was just about to catch up with them.  Although Shiratori's car 
could reach a top
speed of 240 kilometres per hour Ayeka's weaving had slowed it down quite a 
bit.

Then Ayeka did something which astounded the two policemen in the police 
car.  She managed
to do a U-turn, missing an articulated lorry by centimetres and sped in the 
opposite
direction at the same speed as before.  The cops were dumbstruck.  The 
driver of that car
was either a genius or a suicidal maniac.

Ten minutes of demented driving later Ayeka noticed something else was up.  
"Those two cars
have been tailgating us for some time."  And indeed there were two more 
police cars after
them, sirens wailing and blue lights flashing.

Shiratori, trying to regain some appearance of sanity, said, "Well, normally 
I'd try to
lose them."

"Right," said Ayeka and promptly veered off to the left across a golf 
course, flying over
bunkers and water traps just like the Dukes of Hazzard.

"Oh, lord, we're going to go into orbit pretty soon," gibbered Shiratori as 
the speeding
car scattered golfers, caddies and golf carts who were unfortunate enough to 
be in their
path.  They then sped into a large wooded area and anyone who recalls the 
race through the
forest in 'Return of the Jedi' can easily imagine what a hair-raising ride 
this was for
Shiratori.  This ride was different, however.  Whereas Luke Skywalker and 
company only had
to worry about avoiding trees as they flew through the forest on their 
hover-bikes (the
author cannot recall what exactly the vehicles were called), Ayeka and 
Shiratori also had
to contend with the infuriatingly uneven ground in the woods.

"Isn't there any way we can glide over these bumps?" asked Ayeka, rather 
annoyed about
being tossed about in her seat.

"I thought we were gliding already!" cried Shiratori as he was thrown about 
the inside of
the car like a sack of potatoes.

Then, CRUNCH!!!

They did not crash into a tree, but instead fell foul of a small hill that 
was steeper
than others and a dip that was deeper than others.  The engine roared 
impotently for a few
seconds and then conked out.

"Oh, oh!" groaned Ayeka.  "Now what do we do?"

"Let's start by getting our breath back," suggested Shiratori.

Just then the car was enveloped in a green-yellow glow and they found 
themselves and their
car being slowly lifted upwards.  Shiratori felt what was left of his sanity 
being slowly
peeled away from his brain.

* * * * * *

On the bridge of the space ship, hissing voices could be heard all around.  
The most
prominent among them said, "Capture and traction successful, Captain.  
Petrol-driven
vehicle and two Earth humanoids in the hold."

"Good.  Pilot Deefore, resume original course and at all costs keep out of 
sight of the
Galaxy Police."

"Aye, Captain Eywunn."

* * * * * *

"Where are we?" Ayeka ventured to ask.

"I don't know.  I don't want to know," blubbered Shiratori.

"This looks like the hold of a space pirate ship," said Ayeka.  "Look how 
grimy the floors
and the walls are."

"I'm not listening," blubbered Shiratori.

Just then, one of the Captain's minions descended into the hold.  "Beetoo.  
Confirmation:
two earth humanoids and one petrol-driven vehicle," he hissed into his 
communicator.

Ayeka stepped out of the car and said indignantly, "I am not of the Earth, I 
am the First
Princess of Jurai.  I demand to know why you have abducted us."

Beetoo squinted for a few seconds and then recognised Ayeka.  He gagged 
briefly and
blurted, "I thought I knew you from somewhere!"  And then into his 
communicator he said,
"Beetoo.  Correction, we have one petrol-driven vehicle, one Earth humanoid 
and one First
Princess of Jurai!"

Captain Eywunn was dumbstruck.  "Princess Ayeka of Jurai?  Are you having me 
on?"

"I'm not.  I assure you we really have no other person than Lady Ayeka, 
Crown Princess of
Jurai."

Eywunn couldn't believe his luck.  What was the Crown Princess of Jurai 
doing on a sad
little mud ball like Earth?  Earth, as far as he and his ilk were concerned 
was a place
where they could get subjects for their scientific experiments; they served 
no other
practical purpose.  And what would he do now he had the Princess at his 
disposal?
Maybe he could hold her to ransom for zillions of gigazillions of galactic 
groats or
whatever the monetary unit of Jurai  was.  Maybe she was in exile on Earth 
to avoid some
scandal.  If that was the case then he could find out what that scandal was 
and perpetually
blackmail her.  A dozen more ideas ran through his mind, each one more 
nefarious than the
last.

"Shall I inform Jurai that we have their princess?" asked Beetoo on the 
communicator.

"No.  First we shall decide what use we can put her to," said the Captain 
while he came up
with still more nefarious ideas.

The Captain's train of thought was rudely interrupted when the whole space 
ship jolted
violently.  "Deefore!" he shouted, "what is the cause of this?"

"I am not sure, Captain," said Deefore.  "I'd say we're going through an air 
pocket but
we're in a hard vacuum."  The ship jolted again.

The Captain groaned.  This was no help at all.  The ship continued to jerk 
about and the
Captain and crew were tossed about like pancakes in a pan.  "Blast it!  Will 
you keep this
(*censored*) ship still?"

But despite Deefore's best efforts the ship continued to jerk this way and 
that.  The
Captain desperately tried to contact Beetoo.  "Beetoo, do you receive?"  
Another jolt.
"What the -" CRASH! "-is going on?"  At that moment the turbulence stopped.  
The crew all
breathed a sigh of relief and Deefore set about getting the craft back on 
course.  The
Captain was puzzled about this turbulence.  Even though this was a 
relatively small space
ship, it should have been able to stand up to any disturbance in the 
space-time continuum
without its crew being thrown about like beans in a tin can.  Even the crew 
on board the
USS Enterprise never had to put up with this nonsense.

Then another problem came up.  In all the turbulence the ship had been 
knocked far off its
course and was now in sight of a Galaxy Police craft.  A new voice came over 
the
communicator.  "This is the Galaxy Police.  You miscreants are under arrest 
for dangerous
driving and ... "

The rest of the message was drowned out by the roar of an internal 
combustion engine.
Shiratori's car driven by Ayeka crashed through the port side doorway with 
Beetoo clinging
for dear life to the roof.  It tore around the bridge in circles, smashing 
into several
control desks and narrowly missing various crew members.  Suddenly it all 
made sense to
Eywunn.  It was Ayeka's demented driving that was causing all the mayhem.  
The car then
made a sharp left turn, crashed out through the starboard-side doors and 
disappeared down
a corridor, Beetoo still clinging to the roof.  After the car's engine faded 
away the voice
on the communicator became audible.

"Energise the traction beam," it said.  The Captain could only sit on the 
floor helplessly
as the ship once again juddered and shook under the pressure of the Galaxy 
Police's
traction beam.  It behaved just like a drunken yob being carted out of a 
pub.  But then
there was complete calm - highly unusual for this ship.  The Captain looked 
at his monitor
and saw that the traction beam was no longer trained on the ship but was 
dragging
Shiratori's car away.  Beetoo was still clinging to the roof, but 
fortunately he was an
android and could survive for long periods in a hard vacuum.

* * * * * *

"Well, who would have thought the Galaxy Police would come to our rescue?" 
said Ayeka.
Shiratori didn't want to know.  He was crouching in his seat in the foetal 
position and
gibbering incoherently.  Then Ayeka noticed something else wasn't quite 
right.  "Hey, why
is the air getting thinner in here?"  Her voice was gradually fading out.  
"Oh my gosh!
This car wasn't designed for space, was it?  No wonder I'm having trouble 
breathing! (She
didn't seem to have any trouble talking!) Oh, I hope we get into that police 
ship soon."

* * * * * *

"Oh, oh!" said one of the Galaxy Police officers.  "We've blundered with the 
traction beam.
We've got a small vehicle that came out of the rogue ship but the ship 
itself is slipping
into the Earth's atmosphere."

"That's outside our jurisdiction," said Mitsuki, who was in charge of this 
particular
Galaxy Police craft in the absence of Kiyone.  "Get the vehicle into the 
hold and capture
the ship again."

"The vehicle is safely in the hold," reported another officer.  Then another 
problem came
up.  "Aw no!  I don't know if we have enough energy left to keep the ship in 
the beam."

"Try to hold it anyway," said Mitsuki.  "As long as it doesn't try to thrust 
its engines we
can apprehend it."

* * * * * *

In fact the pirates weren't in any position to try any kind of stunt in 
space.  The control
panels on the bridge were wrecked, the pilot Deefore was unconscious and 
Captain Eywunn was
trying for all he was worth to figure out what he could do to get away out 
of the traction
beam.  He didn't get much more time to think because a teleport beam snaked 
onto the
bridge, captured the Captain and his crew and stowed them safely in the 
cells on the
police ship.

* * * * * *

"So, it was you who was causing the pirate ship to go out of control?" said 
Mitsuki.

"I was trying to find a way out of the ship," explained Ayeka.  "I had no 
idea we were in
outer space, which is strange, because I can usually tell whether I'm in 
space or not."

"Well, how are you going to explain to your parents about this when they ask 
where you've
been?" said Mitsuki.

"I'm not worried about that," replied Ayeka.  "I'm more concerned with what 
I'm going to
do about Shiratori and his car."

* * * * * *

As it turned out, Shiratori's car was none the worse for the escapade.  The 
same, alas,
could not be said for Shiratori himself.  The Galaxy Police were kind enough 
to deliver
Ayeka, Shiratori and his car back to the Masaki household even though it lay 
outside their
jurisdiction.

"So," said Yosho, "have you decided what sort of car you're going to get?"

"I've decided not to bother with a car," replied Ayeka.  "They're more 
trouble than they're
worth."  This reply prompted a clearly audible sigh of relief from Tenchi 
and Shiratori who
was only just starting to get his nerves back together.  "When you think 
about it," she
went on, "they're just lifeless hunks of steel - no spirit to them at all.  
I just
couldn't link with it as I could with Ryu-oh."

* * * * * *

Meanwhile, Ryoko, who had been watching every detail of Ayeka's adventure on 
Washu's
monitoring equipment, was getting ideas of her own.  She may have lost 
Tenchi to Ayeka,
but no way was she going to miss out on a thrill like this!

She appeared through the wall of the room where the company were sitting, 
took Shiratori
by the arm and said "Come on, baby, let's take a ride!"


======================================================================================

A few facts now that I've finished.  First the DISCLAIMER:

All the "Tenchi Muyo" characters mentioned in this story, namely Tenchi, 
Ayeka, Ryoko,
Yosho, Mitsuki, Kiyone and Washu are property of Pioneer and AIC and a 
number of other
people I haven't heard of and are used without their permission.  Please 
don't sue - I don't
think it would be worth it and I've no money anyway.  All the other 
characters, viz
Shiratori, Beetoo, Eywunn and Deefore are of my own creation.

Now I've noticed that nearly all the fan fictions on the Ayeka Fan Club 
pages are rather
sombre in mood and I'm more of a humourous writer.  All I really wanted to 
do was write a
story that was light-hearted.  Whether I've succeeded or failed in this, do 
let me know.

My e-mail address is:  cormac828@hotmail.com

Thomas McKee, London, UK, 18th January 2001
