Standard disclaimer: I do not own any Tenchi Muyo chars nor do I 
pretend to.  They are all property of AIC and Pioneer so please don't 
sue me. I do how ever own other chars mentioned in this fic so if you 
wish to use them you need but ask. Now without further adieu I give you 
When Shooting Stars Fall
Chapter 1 Mihoshi's guilt
"Kionie! Dinner time!" chimes Mihoshi in her cheery voice.
"Coming Mihoshi!" shouts Kionie from downstairs. She runs up the 
apartment stairs the smell of spaghetti lingering in the air making her 
stomach growl reminding her exactly how hungry she is.  
" Wow Mihoshi this smells great," Kionie, exclaims as she enters 
the small apartment, "I am starved!" She smiles stopping mid-sentence 
in shock as she looks at their dinning room table. Two places are set 
with fine china the cherry blossoms standing out against the stark 
white background in no particular pattern. Four candles flicker; two on 
each end of the table their red color matching the soft red of the 
cherry blossoms as they stand in crystal candleholders.  A slight hint 
of cinnamon fills the air above the candles. Glancing at the flatware, 
she sees that it is genuine silver etched with cherry trees and 
blossoms. The etchings inlaid with real gold. Her eyes shift from the 
flatware to the napkins they rest on, midnight blue and silk. Napkin 
rings hold extra napkins of the same midnight blue silks with the form 
of little ivory Buddha's holding his massive belly laughing heartily.   
There is a bottle of wine iced in a bucket to the side of the table.  
Kionie walks up to the beautifully decorated table and pulls the 
bottle of fine Italian wine out of the bucket of ice turning the label 
toward her. " Lambrusco, impressive," she says softly to herself. She 
looks up as the kitchen door swings open on silent hinges and Mihoshi 
appears in the doorway, Kionie's jaw drops.  
Mihoshi is standing in a long forest green shiny silk dress that 
falls to the ground about her ankles; slits up each legs showing off 
tanned silky smooth legs, her bare toes painted in a purplish maroon 
color that goes well with the dress.  The top of the dress is low cut 
exposing perhaps more cleavage than she should show and strangely 
contradictory to her Police academy dog tags about her slender throat 
next to the locket her grandfather had given to her. Her face is 
natural without make-up, not even lipstick. A soft gloss adorns her 
lips and her eyes sparkle softly as Kionie has never seen before yet 
something else is different as well.  She looks Mihoshi over once more 
before realizing that it is her hair. Mihoshi's hair is down without 
its signature ribbon.  As Kionie takes another look she catches her 
breath as she realizes just how lovely Mihoshi's hair is, the golden 
locks sparkling with a life of their own in the candlelight. She smiles 
again as she watches the light play softly on the curls for a moment.  
She had missed something else as well; the innocent child-like quality 
was gone from Mihoshi's eyes, she looked like a woman now, absolutely 
stunning in her intelligence and beauty.  
Slowly Kionie places the wine back into the bucket of ice. She 
struggles to find her voice and in her shock when she finally does, she 
speaks in her native tongue, "what's for dinner."
Mihoshi answers in her tongue as well shocking Kionie even more, 
" spaghetti with red clam sauce, Caesar salad, garlic bread, and 
Lambrusco, an Italian wine with a wet fruity taste. It is really quite 
good Kionie."  Kionie is again surprised by the sound of Mihoshi's 
voice, it is not high pitched and over cheerful, its now soft and 
angelic.  She picks up the bottle with one delicate hand popping the 
cork skillfully.  She lifts one of the wine glasses and pours a little 
lifting it to Kionie's lips. She watches as Kionie takes a small sip 
and smiles noting that indeed Kionie agreed with her taste in wine. She 
speaks once more in Kionie's native tongue, "please sit Kionie, it is 
time to eat."
Kionie sits gracefully as Mihoshi uncovers the wonderfully 
prepared meal noting that she forgot to mention the fresh oysters 
adorning the side plate drowning in butter sauce. She looks again and 
sees two bowls of Onion soup as well. She speaks softly, " Mmm this 
smells wonderful Mihoshi who cooked it?"
"I did, for today is a special day Kionie," replies Mihoshi.
Kionie cannot for the life of her remember what today is and she 
is hesitant to ask. "Mihoshi what's today?"
Mihoshi's smile suddenly fades. "That's right you don't know why 
this day is so special to me do you."
"No I can't say that I do.and what's with you today? Your not 
your self...are you feeling ok?" Kionie asks concerned and almost a 
little skeptical.
"I'm fine Kionie.In fact I have not felt this good in a long 
time." Mihoshi says remorsefully.  Kionie can see the sadness in her 
eyes as she remembers only something she would know, but Kionie sees it 
nonetheless and it makes her worry about her partner. Even though 
Kionie is always complaining about Mihoshi's acts of  "Bubblehead 
Syndrome" deep down she wouldn't trade her partner for any other 
partner in the universe Mihoshi is just too funny and never fails to 
make Kionie's day.  Mihoshi's smile has returned and she is her bright 
cheery self once more. 
"Common Mihoshi lets eat. You can talk about it later if you want 
but for now lets just eat this wonderful meal you miraculously made for 
us.some how." Kionie states as she sits across from Mihoshi.  Kionie 
could not believe how exquisite the meal was, after numerous glasses of 
Lambrusco, two plates of spaghetti, two dozen oysters and a bowl of 
onion soup Kionie is full beyond words.  They just sit there staring at 
each other for the longest time. There was just something out of place 
that Kionie could not place her finger on. Then it dawned on her as 
Mihoshi started to clear the table.  There was not one broken dish or 
stumbling "Oops" or  "Whoa!" issued from Mihoshi's lips as she 
effortlessly and perfectly cleared the table and started the dishes. 
Come to think of it Mihoshi had been acting weird ever sense she 
returned from her annual Galaxy Police Physical at HQ this morning. She 
had been gone two weeks, which Kionie had thought was just because she 
lost track of time visiting her Grandfather the Galaxy Police Martial.  
Mihoshi's re-entrance interrupts her thoughts she carried with her 
another bottle of Lambrusco.  

	"Ok Kionie, it's time we talk. Come sit by me on the couch," 
Mihoshi states softly.  Kionie follows Mihoshi to the couch and sits on 
the side opposite Mihoshi.  

"She even walks different," Kionie thinks to herself.  Mihoshi 
pours both of them a glass of wine and then places the bottle on the 
floor next to the couch.  

"Where to start.I guess I should start by telling you why today 
is so special.today is the day you get to meet your new partner,"

Kionie's smile fades and is replaced by worry, "Why Mihoshi? Are 
you ok? Why are they giving me a new partner? Tell me Mihoshi, do not 
scare me like this!"  The words come out in a storm of emotion and 
breathlessness.  Mihoshi smiles brightly and places a hand on Kionie's 
shoulder.

"No Kionie nothing is wrong, in fact everything is as it should 
be once again.finally." A look of pure joy is on her face as she 
finishes speaking, confusing Kionie.  

"I don't understand Mihoshi, what's going on?"

"Relax Kionie, sit back, and drink your wine. I will answer any 
questions you may have."  Kionie gulps down the wine holding out her 
glass for a refill.  Mihoshi more than willingly fills the empty glass.

"Ok, Mihoshi, if that is who you really are? Where is MY 
Mihoshi?"

Mihoshi looks into Kionie's eyes. "I knew that would be your 
first question. Well here's your answer. I am Mihoshi, the REAL 
Mihoshi. The Mihoshi you know was the result of a sting operation on  
A-1 class criminal Lessa Storm. She was wanted for crimes far worse 
than Kane himself. She was an Istakalessa, a race of the strongest 
telepaths in the universe.  What made things worse is that she was a 
shape shifter as well, which made her nearly impossible to find.  It 
took the combined forces of the GP, Juri, and even the Science 
Academy." Mihoshi takes a sip of her wine and swallows slowly. Taking a 
deep breath she continues, " Washu and I led the investigation with 
Juri's support using their alliances throughout the universe.  We 
eventually surrounded her in an ice field. I remember the whole time 
feeling like something was not right. If only I had listened to my gut 
instincts none of this would have ever happened.  We had five teams of 
GP elite Special Forces armed to the teeth, three teams of Science 
Academy specialists, and half of the entire Jurian royal fleet.  My 
teams were on the first Yukanojo; it was a huge grand battle cruiser 
fast and unstoppable. He was a prototype built by Washu.  The plan was 
for Juri to handle anything space related while we penetrated the ship 
and cleared the way for the Science Academy specialists. Their job was 
to nullify her telepathic abilities.  Our job was to take Lessa out."  

Mihoshi takes another sip of her wine; she seems to be staring 
off into space through their living room.  A tear rolls down her cheek 
and splashes into her wine. She closes her eyes and more tears flow. 
Mihoshi takes a deep breath and drains her glass, refilling it quickly.  
Kionie holds Mihoshi's hand for support as she starts to speak again, " 
It's all my fault Kionie.  I had never dreamed.  We moved into position 
and moved through the ice field heading toward the center.  It was only 
when all our forces were in the ice field that she attacked.  The ice 
fields came alive and began to gyrate at extreme speeds. Most of the 
ships never had a chance to escape; they were instantly obliterated.  
Washu took evasive action and flew through the deadly fields of ice.  
She was amazing. The ship was fantastic; he did everything Washu said 
he could and more.  Once the Jurian ships formed their Light hawk wings 
they began to destroy anything that crossed their path as Washu 
maneuvered us to the center where Lessa's ship was located; two Jurian 
battle ships moved in front of us and cleared a path through the ice, 
shielding Yukanojo with their massive Light hawk wings.  They took 
severe damage but brought us close enough to make it to Lessa's ship in 
relative safety before breaking off to defend themselves.  Washu again 
took over control of Yukanojo using evasive maneuvers to safely pilot 
us closer Lessa's ship. Once we cleared the ice, we encountered a 
planet sized Colony.  Before clearing the ice field we had no idea that 
there was a colony in the center, our scanners had picked up nothing 
other than ice.  Not even Washu had picked it up.  She prepared to dock 
with Yukanojo's self-docking capability as my team assembled at the air 
lock ready for anything.  I led the raid my adrenalin surging through 
my body as I felt the dock pressurize and the door slide open.  Twin 
z20-37's, a very powerful hand held laser, drawn and shields up I moved 
my teams in. We spread out and searched the entire colony in two hours 
without a shot fired. We did not find one person, nor were any scanned. 
We found nothing at all. Then Washu made a discovery that I had 
overlooked." 
Mihoshi took a deep breath before continuing, "The entire colony 
was running on back up power! Yet everything was intact and 
operational. She concluded that the main reactor was on standby. This 
meant that there HAD to be someone inside the reactor.  Washu drew up 
blueprints for the reactor and found there to be only five ways in 
and/or out.  My teams divided once more and covered the five doors.  
The team including me took the main entrance with the scientists. Washu 
cracked the security codes with ease then stepped back.  On three my 
team stormed the room; I was the first to enter and what I saw.will 
haunt me for the rest of my life."  
Tears streamed down Mihoshi's face as she held tightly to 
Kionie's hand for support. Kionie gently embraced Mihoshi and stroked 
her soft curly blonde trusses. Mihoshi sobbed for a long time but 
finally managed to get herself together.  She drained her wine and set 
the glass down.  Kionie had not yet touched her wine; suddenly knowing 
she might need the strength it provided, however false, she drained her 
glass as well and placed it on the windowsill.  Mihoshi continued, " 
There were no lights but my enhanced vision saw every detail.  There 
were no heat signatures so my men saw nothing, but every cold, white, 
metal inch of the reactor's main room was covered in blood.  Cold dead 
bodies littered the ceiling and walls held by some unseen force and 
then I saw her, Lessa Storm, and I realized our hunt was over.   Her 
fiery red hair moved as if it were alive, her glowing green eyes 
pierced deep into our souls, releasing a cold so chilling that not even 
the fires of hell would remove it.   She was standing at the door to 
the reactor's core.  She stood smiling unabashedly, unarmed, naked, and 
covered in blood, and then she spoke, " Welcome to your deaths."  The 
hiss of her voice rang clear and when she had finished her greeting 
each and every one of the gruesome corpses littering the walls and 
ceiling fell to the floor animated and once again alive.  Waves of 
blood slammed into us crushing us brutally.  The scientists put up a 
dome to protect themselves and my men and I began to dispose of her 
army of undead minions.  

It took everything we had and more to take care of her monsters. 
I ran out of ammo long before the battle was over and had to resort to 
my energy batons and swords.  When those were used up I had nothing to 
use but my bare hands. There was no stopping them; they kept coming no 
matter what we did.  If it were not for Washu and the other scientists 
we would have died under the attack of Lessa's horde.  While we had 
fought they had developed a FISh (Flesh Incineration Shockwave).  She 
motioned for me to have my men shield up.what was left of them anyway. 
Out of 500 men I was down to less than twenty.   Our shields engaged 
and Washu tossed the bomb. They never knew what hit them. Instantly 
flesh and blood turned to carbon; shadows engraved forever where they 
stood.  Sixteen men, Washu, team, her Lessa, and myself were all that 
was left out of over 260,000 people.  I had heavy injuries to my right 
leg back and left arm.  We were all exhausted physically and mentally, 
but in the center stood Lessa, unscathed and becoming something I had 
only seen in nightmares as a child.  It was a huge creature at least 
twenty-five feet tall and nearly fifty feet long with a huge tail. It 
stood on two massive legs and two stout arms ended in impressive 
menacing claws.  It's mouth could easily swallow a human whole and 
encased row upon row of razor sharp teeth. It had three horns 
protruding for it's head and evil glowing blood-red eyes.  Its roar was 
deafening and it moved with speed unheard of for a creature its size.  
My second in command never knew what hit him; the creature's tail 
sliced him in half and I watched as his two halves twitched momentarily 
before he died nearly instantly of shock.  My men opened fire on Lessa 
and Washu brought out new weapons from subspace along with a huge Mecha 
suit.  "Mihoshi fight her with this; have your men fall back we are 
going to finish this now!" Washu ordered.  I jump into the suit my men 
falling back as ordered. There were only six of them left. I engaged 
her with a deep-seated rage I had never felt before hitting her with 
every bit of energy I had. The Mecha's strength was my own amplified 
300 percent so it's weaponry were amazing though it fell short of being 
able to pierce her thick hide.  As I looked at my control panels inside 
the Mecha I saw only two choices left, reluctantly I activated the 
Mecha's Energy swords. They crackled with a violent rage of their own 
as I tested them out. They were the color of blood and sparkled with 
black energy overflow.  Their deadly beauty brought a sinister smile to 
my face as I watched Lessa charge at me. The first time I made contact 
with her thick hide I cut her wide open, my Energy sword left an eight 
foot gash in her massive thigh leaving her howling in pained rage. But 
I didn't stop there.  Her screams of pain vibrated every centimeter of 
my Mecha as I hacked and slashed away at her massive body unrelentingly 
unleashing my fury through year's worth of training and experience. In 
the end she fell and when she did the entire Colony quaked from the 
weight of Lessa's massive size. As her body settled on the ground I 
stood there on total guard ready for anything and everything she might 
come at me with, alas my readiness was in vein. There before my eyes I 
watched as Lessa's uncontious body took its original humanoid form 
healing all wounds as she just lay there motionless.  
	The scientists along with Washu rushed over to Lessa and began to 
prep her for Subspace imprisonment. What a marvelous invention was this 
Subspace prison. It was invented my Washu her self. Its main objective 
was to imprison those criminals who were too powerful or too dangerous 
to be confined by conventional means of imprisonment. So far since its 
creation though no criminal captured has warranted its use.  Lessa was 
the first and Mihoshi some how knew that she would not be the last. 
Mihoshi sighed deeply as she watched Washu and her teamwork her 
attention momentarily distracted by an incoming transmission from the 
Jurian fleet. "Head Martial Mihoshi the Ice fields have completely 
disappeared, scans indicate no movement what so ever we are now 
currently positioning our selves into docking range with the Colony 
congratulations on your victory Head Martial, Juri's history books will 
forever hold the tale of today's victory, Admiral Toggiaki out."  The 
Comm. went dead and I sighed once again and I looked at Washu's team 
once again as I dismounted the Mecha.  
 "Washu how long till the Subspace prison is ready to receive its 
target?" I asked questionably. 
"Twenty minutes."   Was her reply
"OK just checking I don't know how long she will be out of it and 
I don't want to have to go through that again." I said with a tinge of 
worry.
"Mihoshi you did an excellent job here tonight you and your men 
accomplished something amazing tonight, please don't let their deaths 
beat you down. You've caught and captured the most dangerous criminal 
in the universe, be proud of your self, the men you lost, and those 
that remain." Says Washu soothingly.
	Washu's words did little to comfort me however as I slapped 
energy cuffs on Lessa's wrists ankles and neck.  As and after thought I 
also placed energy net encasing her in a cocoon so she could not lash 
out at us if she were to awaken before her imprisonment.  Everyone was 
silent as Washu and her team worked to bring Lessa's prison online and 
that was when I hear it.The sound of little blunt objects pounding on 
something solid.  I trained my ears to the sound and followed it to the 
reactor core doors.  That's when I heard them.  Thousands of children 
pounding on the doors with their fragile fists, and screaming for help 
with all their being.  My heart felt like it was lodged in my throat 
for I could not speak for but a brief moment when I finally could mouth 
my words they came out in a fearful cry of panic 
	"Washu there are children in the reactors core! We go to get them 
out of there I screamed as I flew over to the reactors control 
switches.  
	"WHAT!" Screamed Washu as she looks up from her work with 
absolute shock and terror in her eyes.
	Frantically I punched in the sequence to open the main doors but 
nothing happened, their screaming echoed though my head as I rushed to 
manually open the doors.  To my horror as I reached the manual over 
ride controls I realized all too late that they were totally 
obliterated.   That's when I heard her laughing from behind me. It was 
a sinister laugh filled with rage, insanity and humor, one that all the 
Classic bad guys could do so well on TV. Then she spoke, "How does it 
feel Mihoshi? How does it feel to have captured the universes most 
wanted criminal only to have to let her go only moments after capture? 
Because that's exactly what you are going to have to do to save those 
children. When you knocked me out you interrupted my telepathic link 
with the ships AI control unit thus ending my hold on the reactors 
stand by commands.  Any moment now the reactor engines will prime and 
those children will fry.  Look around you Mihoshi there are no Modem 
connections to the main computer all the controls are destroyed. I am 
your only hope to save those children.  I and only I can stop its 
sequence and keep those children alive long enough for you to save 
them.  There are over three hundred thousand children in the reactor 
core if you want to save them I suggest you get me the fuck out of 
these cuffs and allow me to leave."  She laughed sinisterly as the 
reactor walls suddenly become transparent and spoke again, "Watch them 
Mihoshi! Watch them as the fry in a death more painful than any known!" 

	I did not hear her though all I heard was the children screaming 
for someone, anyone to help them.  They were so scared; terror was 
evident in their eyes as they clung to each other for support and 
strength.  Then I saw her, a lone girl slumped near the transparent 
wall, and she was crying. Her long blonde hair covered her face but I 
recognized her instantly, she was my daughter, Kali, and she was 
holding the cabbit Washu had given her for her fifth birthday wrapped 
tightly in her arms.  Somehow, she sensed me as I rushed to the wall 
that separated us.  As she looked up at the wall I saw her whole face 
brighten with hope and I heard her call out to me.  She was so scared 
yet so brave; she looked at me and pressed tiny hands tot the glass 
begging me to save her, to take her away and never let her out of my 
sight again.  She stopped crying and smiled at me then turned toward 
the other children, telling them that everything would be ok because 
her mommy was here, and that her mommy was the best Galaxy Police 
officer there was.  Then she pointed to me and said, "That's my mommy 
she is going to save us all, and when I grow up I am going to be just 
like her."  Then she turned toward me and said, "I love you mommy."  

That's when it happened; they never even had a chance.  I could 
only stare into their pleading innocent eyes and listen to their 
terrified screams and pleas for me to save them. But I could not save 
any of them; I was helpless to stop the reactor from priming.  As I 
stared into my daughters loving eyes something hit me like a ton of 
bricks, it was her look of hope; hope that mommy would somehow, someway 
make everything all better like she always had.  It was the last thing 
I saw before the chamber ignited and the children began to burn.   Kali 
just stood there with that look of hope as her skin began to melt from 
her body.  She screamed for me, cried for me as she breathed her last 
breath and there was no more life left in her.   "I love you mommy" 
were her last words to me as I stood there helpless, powerless and 
destroyed. 
 My screams echoed throughout the Colony and deep into the 
endless depths of the universe.  They say that on a quiet clear night 
you can hear the cries of a mother in morning of her lost child and the 
cries of thousands of other children that died along with her.  Their 
eyes, I will never forget their eyes they will haunt me forever and I 
will burn in the depths of the darkest abyss for doing nothing to save 
them.  
The galaxy police search crew found me with my hand pressed 
against the reactor wall in a catatonic state. On the other side of 
that wall they found the body of a child with her hand also pressed 
against the wall in the exact same spot my hand had been.  Dental 
records proved what I already knew.it was Kali, my daughter.  How Lessa 
got her I'll never know, but she will forever rot in the confines of 
her Subspace prison for it.
I remained in a catatonic state for two hundred years Galactic 
Standard Time before I came out a raving lunatic.  I killed the entire 
staff at that hospital along with a Special Forces team that was sent 
in to subdue me with my bare hands in my waking.  All because they were 
in my way.  They managed to subdue me with heavy tranquilizers with the 
second wave of Special Forces that they sent in and I withdrew from the 
world once again for another thirty years Galactic Standard Time before 
returning to reality. Then came my breakdown, I did nothing but cry for 
days over then children who I failed.
Mihoshi is hysterical now and Kionie Fights to calm her down, 
soothing her with gentle strokes of her long curly blond mane. Wrapping 
Mihoshi tightly in her arms Kionie begins to rock her back and forth 
telling her everything will be OK and that it wasn't her fault.
"I'm sorry Kionie I thought that I was finally strong enough to 
be normal again but I'm not.  I wanted so much to be normal again for 
you. I love you so much Kionie and I don't want to disappointed you any 
more" says Mihoshi with tears in her eyes.  
As the salty drops of anguish fall from her stained cheeks 
Mihoshi stands and fumbles for something in her dress.  Slowly she 
pulls out the "Ribbon" Kionie knows all too well. It's the "Ribbon" 
Mihoshi never takes out of her hair.  
"This is what stops my pain Kionie.  This is a present Washu made 
for me, It's function is to block out any memories that might 
emotionally throw me back into the thralls of a Catatonic state once 
again, both of my past and my present.  But it keeps me in the mindset 
of a child. That is the only side effect. It's the only way to keep 
from remembering.  For a child's mind is a forgetful place in which 
only those closest to him or her and all things happy are remembered.  
I'm sorry I'm such a ditz and always make you mad Kionie but please 
don't hate me.  I love you so much; I just need a little more time.  
Maybe then I will be strong enough to face my demons and become normal 
once more.  Until then I can only ask that you don't leave me Kionie 
you are all that I have left in this world.  Your what has helped heal 
me."
Mihoshi's sobs are muffled as she buries her face into Kionie's 
bosom  "Your so brave Kionie just like Kali was, so strong and 
determined, never discouraged and never afraid to show your true self." 
Mihoshi grips the ribbon and stands up.  "I'm sorry Kionie I'm so 
sorry."
Kionie stands with her and grasps her shoulders "Mihoshi there is 
nothing to be sorry about you did your best.  That's all anyone can ask 
of you. Please don't do this to your self" Kionie begs with tears of 
her own streaming down her face.
Mihoshi shakes her head "I'm sorry Kionie I.I have to"
With that Mihoshi stings the ribbon through her long golden locks 
of hair and ties it in her traditional bow. Instantly as the knot is 
completed she goes limp and Kionie catches her.
 "Mihoshi!" cries Kionie
Slowly Mihoshi smiles at Kionie and speaks in whispers "you know 
what Kionie."
"What's that Mihoshi?" Kionie asks with absolute worry in her 
voice.
"You have Kali's eyes.they were so beautiful, filled with love 
strength and hope.don't loose those Kionie. When I awaken I will be the 
Mihoshi you know once again.  Its taken me eight thousand years to get 
this far Kionie I'm almost there please wait for me, please." her voice 
fades and her eyes close as she nearly ceases to breath. 
"Mihoshi? Mihoshi!" she doesn't answer. "Don't worry my friend I 
will wait for you and when you are ready I will there to greet you.  
Seep well my dear friend and sweet dreams."  Carefully Kionie takes 
Mihoshi to her bedroom and places her in her bed covering her with her 
soft "Space Police  Policeman" comforter. Gently Kionie leans over and 
places a kiss against Mihoshi's forehead and wordlessly exits her room 
and retreats to her own for a restless night of sleep.



	


 
 




