Act 3 Scene 2

(This scene starts a couple of months after Tenchi and Ryoko have been 
crowned
Emperor and Empress of Jurai. Tenchi has had workers create a massive lab 
for
Washu to conduct her experiments in. Tenchi has also created the new section 
of
the Galaxy Police which Kiyone and Mihoshi are now proud members of. Ryoko 
is
due to have her baby any day soon.)

Tenchi - (looks at Ryoko and smiles) How are you feeling?
Ryoko - Alright.
Tenchi - Good.

(Suddenly, Washu comes into the room. She bows down before Tenchi and 
Ryoko.)

Tenchi - Washu, you don't have to do that to us.
Washu - (gets up) Tenchi, Ryoko, do you know where Ryo-Ohki is? I have just
created something that I think she might be pleased at.
Tenchi and Ryoko (both say in unison) A giant carrot?
Washu - (smiles) No...but I'm sure that she'll like it anyway.

(Suddenly, Ryo-Ohki enters the room.)

Washu - Ryo-Ohki, there you are!
Ryo-Ohki - Meow?
Washu - Come with me to my lab and I'll show you.

(Washu and Ryo-Ohki both go to Washu's lab.)

Tenchi - (looks at Ryoko) <I wonder what the invention is?>
Ryoko - <Your guess is as good as mine.>

(In Washu's lab)

Washu - Now Ryo-Ohki, I haven't yet tested this machine but I am sure that 
it
will be 100% successful.
Ryo-Ohki - Meow?
Washu - I was just getting to that. This machine can change you into a human
Ryo-Ohki, a real human, not a humanoid, a human. However, you can also 
change
back to your cabbit form or space-ship form whenever you need to.
Ryo-Ohki - (is excited) Meow!!!!!
Washu - (smiles) So...do you want to try it then?
Ryo-Ohki - MEOW!!!

(Washu opens the door of the machine and Ryo-Ohki jumps inside the machine.
Washu shuts the door and locks it.)

Washu - Alright...<are you ready Ryo-Ohki?>
Ryo-Ohki - <Meow!>
Washu - <Alright, here we go!> (she pushes a green button on the side of the
machine.)

(The machine makes a whirring sound and shudders. 30 seconds later, the 
sound
and vibrations stop and the door opens.)

Washu - Come on out Ryo-Ohki!! I want to see whether the transform was a 
success...

(Washu is taken aback by what steps out of the machine. A woman with long 
brown hair and yellow eyes steps out. She looks about 22 years old.)

Washu - Hmmmm...(walks around Ryo-Ohki looking at her) You seem to have 
transformed very successfully.
Ryo-Ohki - Meow!!
Washu - Apart from your voicebox, well that's nothing that the greatest 
scientific genius in the universe can't fix (pats a place on a table) 
Here...sit here Ryo-Ohki (gets out her laptop) Just a few changes to your 
human body and...there we go, full transformation!
Ryo-Ohki - Thank you Washu.
Washu - (smiles) Come on then, let's go show the others.

(They both walk back to the throne room where Ryoko and Tenchi are.)

Washu - Wait here Ryo-Ohki, I want to surprise them.
Ryo-Ohki - Alright.
Washu - (enters the throne room) Tenchi, Ryoko, I have someone here who I 
think that you might want to meet.
Tenchi - Show them in then, Washu.
Washu - (goes outside) Come on Ryo-Ohki.
Ryo-Ohki - Coming Washu (steps into the throne room. She walks up to Tenchi 
and Ryoko and curtseys before them.)
Tenchi - (smiles) So then...what can we do for you.
Washu - (coughs)
Tenchi - Hmmm...Washu?
Washu - (smiles) You don't know who this is, do you Tenchi? You don't 
recognise her!?
Ryoko - (looks at Tenchi in a worried way)
Tenchi - (looks back at Ryoko with a look that says, 'Don't look at me in 
that way, I haven't a clue who she is.) No, I don't Washu.
Washu - (smiles and then laughs) It's Ryo-Ohki!!!
Ryoko and Tenchi - What!!??
Washu - (smile widens) It is Ryo-Ohki, in proper human form. The machine 
that I created did this to her. She can change back to her cabbit and 
space-ship forms whenever she wishes but, now she is a real human being. She 
can talk now aswell.
Tenchi - So...this is Ryo-Ohki in human form?
Washu - Yes.
Ryo-Ohki - It's true, I am Ryo-Ohki in human form. (turns to Washu) 
Oh...thank you Washu for turning me human. It's something I've wanted for a 
long time. (turns to Ryoko) Empress Ryoko, thank you for being my owner for 
the past several hundred years. You have been a great owner. (turns to 
Tenchi) And you, Emperor Tenchi, I just want to thank you for everything. 
You have been a great friend to me.
Tenchi - (smiles) It is Ryo-Ohki! (turns towards Ryoko and starts to whisper 
something in her ear.)
Ryoko - (smiles and laughs and nods her head.)
Tenchi - Are you sure?
Ryoko - Positive.
Tenchi - (turns back to Ryo-Ohki) Ryo-Ohki, we would be very happy if you 
would consider being our child's nanny when it is born.
Ryo-Ohki - You...you want me to be your child's nanny?
Ryoko - (nods her head) If you would Ryo-Ohki.
Ryo-Ohki - (smiles) I will...


