Act 1 Scene 6

(this scene starts on the same day with Ryoko and Tenchi venturing out of 
the
onsen and back to the house)

Tenchi - Ryoko?
Ryoko - Hmmm?
Tenchi - Now that you have all of your gems back, what else can you do?
Ryoko - (smiles) Well, I can do everything that you have seen me do so far 
and
quite a bit more. I can control the demons I summon and now I have some
abilities that you have. Transformation of objects, light hawk sword and I
should be able to create the light hawk wings just like you only I can 
create 5
wings.
Tenchi - Hmmmm, you and me are linked in many ways aren't we?
Ryoko - (holds onto Tenchi's hand and squeezes it tight) That is why we are 
so
perfect together.
Tenchi - (blushes) Come on Ryoko, the others will wonder where we are.
Ryoko - (smiles and whispers in Tenchi's ear) Don't forget Tenchi, I want 
that
thing that you promised me, tonight!
Tenchi - Well, I was tired last night Ryoko, sorry about that.
Ryoko - Just make it up to me tonight Tenchi.
Tenchi - (blushes again) Ok Ryoko.

(Meanwhile, everyone - except Tenchi and Ryoko, have ventured into Washu's 
lab
to check on the new arrival)

Sasami - (smiles at Bijoshi) How do you do? My name is Sasami.
Bijoshi - Pleased to meet you Sasami.
Katsuhito - So...Bijoshi, you are here.
Bijoshi - (looks up) Is that...is that you, great-grandfather??
Katsuhito - (nods his head)
Bijoshi - (runs over to Katsuhito and hugs him) Oh...great-grandfather!!!
Ayeka - Great-grandfather?? Then...that means that...
Washu - Yes Ayeka, she is Tenchi and Ryoko's daughter.
Ayeka - WHAT??
Washu - Yes, she is Tenchi and Ryoko's daughter. (turns to Bijoshi) You look 
a
lot like your mother Bijoshi, my daughter.
Bijoshi - So, that means that...that...
Washu - Yes, I am your grandmother Bijoshi.
Bijoshi - (runs to Washu) Oh...in the future I...
Washu - (puts a finger on Bijoshi's lip) No Bijoshi, telling us the future 
could
alter the course of events in it. No-one wants to know what happens to them 
in
the future. (smiles and winks at Bijoshi and whispers) However, you can tell 
me
later...I am a goddess after all.
Ayeka - Wait a minute, I'm slightly confused. Grandfather...I have a 
question to
ask you - how did you know who she was? Miss Washu never mentioned anything
before. So...how?
Washu - Yes...I must admit grandfather, I would like to know also how you 
knew
who Bijoshi was.
Katsuhito - AZAKA! KAMIDAKE! Come here please. It's time I explained this to
everyone.
Azaka and Kamidake - Yes sir.
Sasami - How...how...(looks at Ayeka) How can he control Azaka and Kamidake
Ayeka?
Ayeka - I don't know Sasami (looks at Katsuhito) Tell us grandfather...who 
are
you really??
Katsuhito - (starts to tell his story) As you know, I am not from Earth but 
from
Jurai just like Ayeka and Sasami. However, I am not just a royal but I am 
from
the royal family just like Ayeka and Sasami. Several years ago, I left Jurai 
to
battle a demon. I won and decided to stay here on Earth. I later married and
became the owner of the Masaki shrine. It was then that I became known as
Katsuhito Masaki. My wife and I had a daughter who later married Nobuyuki. 
The
image you see me in is not my true form. My spaceship turned into a space 
tree
and that is my life source...that is what is keeping me alive. I am in 
shadow at
the moment. My true form is underneath here being kept alive by my space 
tree,
Funaho - my mother's name...
Ayeka - That...that means that you must be...
Katsuhito - (removes his shadow and reveals his true form) Yes Ayeka...I am 
your
half brother, Yosho Jurai.
Ayeka - ...
Washu - Well grandfather, you have done well to keep your Jurai power hidden
from this scientific genius all of this time.
Yosho - Well Washu, my level is not as high as Tenchi's is although I am a 
more
experienced fighter.
Washu - (gets her machine out) Yes your level is 450.
Ayeka - But...but Yosho? Why did you stay on Earth? You could have come back 
to
Jurai when you had battled Ryoko.
Yosho - (walks over to Ayeka and puts his hands on her shoulders) Ayeka 
please,
try to understand. My mother was from Earth and our father is from Jurai. I
could not stand the prejudice on our planet. I knew that if I had taken the
throne there would have been a lot of conflict between you and me over it. 
That
is why I stepped down Ayeka.
Ayeka - (starts to cry) But...you did not have to leave Yosho. I was to be 
your
bride when you returned...but you never did...
Yosho - I know Ayeka, and I am sorry for that. That is why I attempted to 
pull
you and Tenchi together. However, Tenchi followed his heart and I cannot 
break
that...
Ayeka - Well, if you are Tenchi's grandfather then that would make him...
Yosho - A direct descendant to the throne.
Ayeka - So, if Tenchi wanted to take the throne...
Yosho - You would have to step down Ayeka.
Ayeka - And Ryoko?
Yosho - Would be the Queen of Jurai.
Ayeka - That...that she-demon would be Queen of Jurai?? No...it cannot be...

(Meanwhile, Tenchi and Ryoko are about to enter Washu's lab, unaware of the
turmoil that is taking place in it.)

Tenchi - Ryoko??
Ryoko - Yes Tenchi??
Tenchi - Have you ever thought about the future?
Ryoko - Like what Tenchi??
Tenchi - Like us...I mean, us in the future...will we be married? Will we 
have
kids?
Ryoko - (smiles) Everyday Tenchi I think about us in the future. We will 
have
kids and live happily ever after. That is my dream.
Tenchi - (leans forward to kiss Ryoko) That sounds perfect Ryoko.
Ryoko - (kisses Tenchi) Hey Tenchi!! You are not blushing!!
Tenchi - (smiles) Maybe I'm getting used to this 'us being together and me 
not
having to hide my feelings anymore' stuff.
Ryoko - (smiles) I guess you are.

(Tenchi pushes the door open to Washu's lab and steps inside, holding hands 
with
Ryoko. Everyone turns around and looks at them. Tenchi starts to say hello 
to
them but stops when he sees two different figures in the room - a man about 
30
yrs old and a young girl who looks a lot like Ryoko.)

Tenchi - (looks around confused) So...Washu, what on earth is going on?
(gestures to the two different figures) Who are these people??
Washu - The results of Mihoshi tampering with my machine.
Ryoko - H'uh?
Washu - Sit down Ryoko, I have a long story to tell you and Tenchi.

