Act 1 Scene 7

(this scene starts 10 mins later after Washu has finished explaining the 
whole
story to a slightly confused and bemused Ryoko and Tenchi.)

Washu - So...that's basically all there is to it.
Tenchi - (is completely gobsmacked)
Ryoko - (turns to Bijoshi) So...you are mine and Tenchi's daughter?
Bijoshi - (nods her head) Yes mum...I am your daughter. You look exactly the
same as in the future (turns to Tenchi) So do you dad.
Tenchi - (smiles) I...I...I don't know what to say. (turns to Ryoko) I guess 
you
were right about our future Ryoko. We are going to have a daughter and live
happily ever after.
Bijoshi - (smile droops) I'm not sure about the happily ever after part.
Ryoko - (raises an eyebrow) What do you mean?
Bijoshi - (turns to Washu) Grandmother, I believe that it is vital that my
parents know this information. They may be able to prevent it before it 
happens
or at least do something about it. I think that everyone needs to know this.
Washu - Well...I know that I said that altering the future is a dangerous 
thing
but if some-one's life is at risk...I think that we need to know. Please
continue Bijoshi.
Bijoshi - (smiles) Well...it all began in the year 2004, one year from now 
and
the year I was born. My father and mother, the rightful heirs to the Jurai
throne, took the throne and became King and Queen of Jurai.
Ayeka - WHAT? I WOULD NEVER ALLOW SUCH A THING!!
Bijoshi - I know that you don't feel it now Miss Ayeka, but you eventually
become good friends with my mother. Such good friends that you allow her the
throne. My mother returns the favour by making you my god-mother when I am 
born.
Ayeka - Like that will ever happen! (cackles)
Washu - It will happen Ayeka, remember Bijoshi has been there.
Bijoshi - Anyway, my mother and father took the Jurai throne and a few 
months
later, mother gave birth to me. Father ruled the planet well and everyone 
loved
us. Grandfather and great-grandfather came onto Jurai to live with mother 
and
father. Ayeka and Sasami, you both decided to remain on Earth and live in 
the
now empty Masaki house. You took charge of the shrine and gave up your 
princess
status. You visited time after time and asked how everything was. Of course, 
my
mother was pleased to see you and asked you time and time again to come and 
live
on Jurai but you refused politely each time. Everything was fine until the 
year
2008, when Sasami became 16 and completed her transformation into Tsunami. 
She
regained her full memory of the events and decided at that point to return 
to
Jurai to help protect the Royal Family whom she had loved for so long. Ayeka
decided to go with Sasami and so they both arrived on Jurai. My mother and
father were both pleased to see Ayeka and Sasami and offered them a room to 
stay
in. Washu and Sasami then started to see each other often, seeing as they 
were
sisters on the side of good, they had a lot to talk about and spent most of
their time in a specially built laboratory that my mother and father had 
made
for Washu. However, when Sasami transformed into Tsunami, someone on the 
side of
evil detected all of the energy that this brought along. That someone was...
Washu - (interrupts) Tokimi.
Bijoshi - Yes grandmother...
Sasami - Who's Tokimi, Washu?
Washu - Tsunami and my sister. She is the third of the 3 goddesses so she is 
not
as powerful as me and Tsunami but she can cause considerable damage to 
anything
that she hits. She is pure evil, she loves nothing and feels for nothing.
Bijoshi - Yes, Tokimi detected the energy that Sasami gave out as she
transformed into Tsunami and sent one of her henchmen, D3 to follow Tsunami. 
She
hoped that wherever Tsunami would be, my grandmother would be too. And 
wherever
my grandmother was, my mother and father surely would be. So...D3 followed
Tsunami to Jurai and found my grandmother, father and mother. He reported 
back
to Tokimi and from that point on, chaos was everywhere on Jurai. I was only 
4
years old at the time but I knew that there was something wrong. My mother 
and
father weren't their usually happy selves everyday and whenever I asked what 
was
wrong, they just said, 'nothing for you to worry about.' Eventually, I
discovered what was wrong. Tokimi had seen the future and she did not like 
it.
She had seen herself being destroyed by my father and mother...
Sasami - (interrupts) But...I thought that goddesses couldn't die Washu.
Washu - (smiles) We don't die Sasami, but we can be destroyed. If we are hit
enough times by strong, angry and powerful blasts, we can be destroyed.
Bijoshi - And this was exactly what Tokimi had seen in the future and she 
didn't
like the look of it. She wanted to kill my mother and father so that this 
could
not happen in the future. So...she launched an attack on the planet Jurai.
However, with two goddesses on the planet, Jurai was protected by Tsunami's
light hawk wings and Washu's power. This has been going on now for 2 years 
and
there looks like there will be no end to it. Tsunami and Washu are becoming 
weak
whereas Tokimi seem to be getting stronger. I don't know how much longer 
they
can last protecting Jurai. Once Tsunami removes her light hawk wings, I 
don't
know what will happen to my parents. (starts to cry) I just don't know.
Ryoko - (hugs Bijoshi) Well...there there. However, Bijoshi, there is one 
thing
that I am unsure about, why exactly did we destroy Tokimi?
Bijoshi - I am not sure, I'm not even sure that Tokimi knows that herself.
Mihoshi - So...what happens to me and Kiyone??
Kiyone - MIHOSHI!! Bijoshi has just told us something horrific that is going 
to
happen in the future and all you are worried about is what is going to 
happen to
you?
Mihoshi - (didn't hear Kiyone at all) So...what does happen to me Bijoshi?
Bijoshi - (gives a small smile) Well...you and Kiyone both get a huge
promotion...
Kiyone - Wait a minute...stop right there. Did you say that I get a 
promotion??
Bijoshi - Yes I did Kiyone.
Kiyone - (starts to cheer and laugh) FINALLY!! I thought that my prospects 
for a
promotion had gone down the drain!!
Everyone - (smiles and is glad for Kiyone as they know of the torture that 
she
has gone through with Mihoshi.)
Bijoshi - Anyway, you and Mihoshi get a huge promotion. This promotion was 
given
to you both by my father. According to him, Kiyone was in hysterics and 
Mihoshi
was laughing. You both got a promotion to Royal Family Galaxy Police Guards 
or
R.F.G.P.G for short. This was the highest rank that a Galaxy Police person 
could
reach so you even outranked your boss Kiyone.
Kiyone - (is speechless and overwhelmed with happiness.)
Mihoshi - Wow! Kiyone, we are going to remain together forever. Isn't that
great?
Kiyone - (sighs) I guess I can't get rid of you Mihoshi. But...I don't care 
now!
Now that I know that I will finally get somewhere in life and that not even 
you,
Mihoshi, can stop me.
Mihoshi - I am very happy for you Kiyone.
Bijoshi - (looks at Washu) so...grandmother, how long will it be before I 
can
get back to my own time?
Washu - (looks at the machine and sighs) I'm sorry Bijoshi but it will be at
least  3 days before I can get it to work again.
Bijoshi - But...but I have to get back to my own time. I have to help my 
mother
and father before something happens to them.
Washu - I understand Bijoshi but there is nothing I can do about it. You are
just going to have to stay here for a few days until I can get it to work 
again.
Ryoko - (smiles at Bijoshi) You can stay in my old room Bijoshi.
Bijoshi - (smiles) Thank you mother.
Tenchi - (grabs hold of Ryoko's hand and whispers into her ear) I bet that 
you
would make a perfect mother Ryoko.
Ryoko - (smiles) And you would make a perfect father Tenchi. (looks at 
Bijoshi)
Come on then, I'll show you to your room and then you can have something to 
eat
of you want. Sasami is an excellent cook.
Sasami - (blushes)
Bijoshi - No thank you, I think that I would just like to rest.
Ryoko - Come on then, I'll show you to your room.


