When Shooting Stars Fall.
Chapter Two:
Answers With More Questions.
	Later the next morning Kiyone lay in the Onsen pondering the 
events of last night.  She had never heard of anything like what 
Mihoshi told her last night.  In all of the case files she has ever 
read or studied or was even taught nothing of this magnitude was ever 
thrown at her. As she lie there soaking in the war waters Mihoshi's 
entrance broke her train of thought. Sure enough there she was. She 
could see her ribbon wrapped tightly in her hair and a towel wrapped 
around her waist. 
	"Good morning Kiyone, did you sleep well?" chirped Mihoshi in her 
usual cheery voice.  
	Kiyone nonchalantly smiled and nodded. Of course she was lying 
out her teeth she in truth had only managed a few hours last night and 
was truthfully very exhausted childishly Mihoshi cannon balled into the 
deep end of the ocean, making a huge wave that titled over Kiyone's 
head and soaked her teal hair.  Kiyone paid it no attention though as 
she watched her partner playfully swim and wash herself.  Without a 
word Kiyone exited the waters and dried herself off. As she dressed she 
shot over her shoulder 	"Hurry up Mihoshi, we're going to be late for 
breakfast at Tenchi's!"  Mihoshi's only reply was to squeal for joy and 
swim to the edge and hop out, racing for a towel.
	As they approached the Misaki residence they could hear Aeaka and 
Ryoko fighting in the background somewhere off on the mountainside.  
Gently, Kiyone opened the door only to be shoved aside by an excited 
Mihoshi  "Sasami, we're here!" cried Mihoshi.
	"Mihoshi!  Kiyone! Welcome back.  How was everything at HQ?" with 
great enthusiasm.
	"Everything went great! Grandfather says hi and wanted me to 
thank you for making him those wonderful egg roles." 
	"Your welcome. So, Kiyone, how are you? You look sad."
	"I'm fine Sasami, really I am. I just have a few things on my 
mind. Is Washu in?"
	"Yeah, she's in her lab with Ryoko, I think."
	"Thanks, Sasami. Keep Mihoshi busy will you? I have to go talk 
with her and it will be a while."
	"No problem Kiyone. I just got a new fighting game today, so it 
will be no problem."
	"Thank you, Sasami."
	"Come on Mihoshi. Let's go play my new game. Washu made it for 
me."
	"Great! I can't wait to play! Let's go!" cheers Mihoshi.
	"Miya!" exclaims Ryo-ohki.
	They run upstairs and Mihoshi follows closely behind, stumbling 
on the stairs.
Sighing deeply, Kiyone walks to Washu's lab and knocks. "Little Washu, 
may I come in?"
	"It's open," exclaims the genius scientist. 
	Kiyone walks through the small door and appears in Washu's 
dimensional lab. Somberly, she walks to the lab's main room. When she 
reaches the main lab, she is shocked at what she sees. Washu is in her 
levitating cushion, in her adult form, rocking a sleeping Ryoko back 
and form, cradled in her arms. 
	"Shhh. What can I do for you, Kiyone?"
	Kiyone smiles at this Fuji moment. "You guys are finally getting 
along, huh?"
	"Yeah, and it's wonderful Kiyone. I can't tell you how happy she 
makes me. I know I can't make up for not being there for her in the 
past, but I sure as hell am here for her now and forever." 
Washu strokes Ryoko cyan tresses. "Deep inside, she's so innocent and 
frail. I just wish Tenchi knew how much he hurts her every time he 
shoves her away. She's a baby Kiyone, and she doesn't know anything 
about romance or how to express herself through words. Like a baby, she 
can only express herself through body language. Tenchi does not 
understand this. She's over five thousand years old, yet emotionally; 
she's still a child. She knows hate, rage and pain very well, but all 
other emotions she's just awakening to. She'll be fine though. Kagato 
is dead and will never hurt her again. She's free and growing every 
day. God help anyone who ever tries to hurt her again."
	Washu hugs Ryoko tightly to herself. "I'm sorry, Kiyone. Did you 
need something? What is it I can do for you?"
Kiyone looks at Washu and speaks, "I need some answers to a lot of 
questions I have. Something happened last night and it left me with a 
lot of mixed emotions. I'm hoping you can help me."
Kiyone feels a cushion lift her off the ground. 
	"Well, spit it out, Detective. What's on your mind?" 
	Kiyone thinks how to word her questions. After a minute or two, 
she begins. "What was the real Mihoshi like?" 
Washu looks at Kiyone with a look of joy and sorrow. "So you know, 
huh?"
	"Yes, Washu. I got to meet her last night and I learned a little 
bit about her, but I want to know more. I tried to look up her file, 
but its classified top secret. Only the Marshall himself has that kind 
of security clearance. What are they hiding?" Kiyone pleads with Washu. 
"What's wrong with her?"
	Washu's look of sorrow deepens. "I can't talk about it with you 
Kiyone. It's forbidden. If the Marshall was to ever find out about it, 
I would be locked away forever in the deepest subspace prison they 
could find." 
"Washu, please. She's my partner, my best friend. I love her like she's 
my sister. I need to know." Kiyone pleads, but Washu ignores her.
	"I can't. I won't. Just know this, Mihoshi will be better. 
someday." 
Washu stands with Ryoko cradled in her arms, still asleep. "I'm going 
to go upstairs, now Kiyone. Look after my lab while I'm gone, will 
you?"
	Washu looks at Kiyone and smiles and she types in some commands 
on her halo-top and walks out of her lab with Ryoko. Kiyone looks at 
her disappointed, but then something in her mind clicks. Washu never 
leaves her lab unsecured let alone with somebody in it. Hurriedly, she 
rushes over to Washu's cushion and plops herself behind Washu's halo-
top.  Sure enough, Washu's files are all unlocked. In front of her, 
staring at her is a file labeled, "Classified - Top Secret - Project 
Lessa Storm". Kiyone hurriedly opens the file and begins to read. 
Silently, she speaks to herself. "Project Lessa Storm - Top Secret 
classification. Authorized personnel - GP Marshall, Washu Hakubi. 
Punishment for hackers is deep space imprisonment for life." Kiyone 
swallows hard. 	"What could be so bad that they could imprison 
someone for life?" Curiosity overcomes her and she opens the main file. 
"Case file 0070256. Code name, Project Lessa Storm. Case open 2200 
Hours, Year 3675 on day 31 of the 13th month, galactic standard time. 
On said date, galactic police were dispatched to a distress call from a 
space colony far off in the Zeo quadrant. GP Officers Dynamo and Shena 
were dispatched to check it out. Their orders were reconnaissance of 
the area and to report back. Their last point of contact was made prior 
to entering Zeo quadrant. Officer's Dynamo and Schema were never heard 
from again. Upon further investigation they were pronounced KILD 
(killed in the line of duty). When a small fleet of GP cruisers 
investigated, they found the colony destroyed and space derbies 
littered the sector. The wreck of the Hope was found. Inside their 
bodies were found with massive tissue damage and trauma to vital areas 
of their bodies. Laser burns were the signs of a firefight on the 
bridge. A large hole was ripped into the hull of the ship. 
	On further investigation of the colony, all 3.5 million colonists 
were found brutally slain. Autopsies indicated that every one of the 
colonists' deaths had one thing in common; spinal and brain fluids were 
completely drained. Not one drop of fluid remained in any of the 
victims. The same was found of Officers Dynamo and Schema. And all 
women had one thing in common as well. Every one of them had their 
reproductive organs savagely removed before death. Computers confirmed 
only one intruder entering and exiting before the colony's main reactor 
was shut down. Camera images caught entire colony's destruction on 
disk. The intruder was a humanoid woman with long red hair. She wore no 
space suit and appeared to have shape-shifting abilities. 
	Special Agent Mihoshi was put in charge of the investigation. She 
was brought out of retirement status and reinstated with full rank, pay 
and benefits. Her daughter Kali was placed deep into protective 
custody. Special Agent Mihoshi was given unlimited resources at her 
disposal, along with complete support from Jurai's royal council and 
the Space Science Academy. Within three months, Mihoshi had 
successfully identified the woman as Istakalessa, known only as Lessa 
Storm. Sadly, within those three months, Lessa had destroyed three more 
colonies, and eight planets.  
	In a desperate attempt, Special Agent Mihoshi organized a task 
force strong enough to handle anything Lessa could possibly throw their 
way. Each time, however, when they caught up with Lessa or set a trap 
for her, she was one step ahead of the task force. Jurai had 
connections set up throughout the universe, working around the clock. 
GP fleets were set up at every colony known and Jurai's fleets at every 
planet known. Special Agent Mihoshi put the science academy to work 
under Washu Hakubi's command to design defense weapons to combat the A1 
class criminal Lessa Storm. For two years however, Lessa disappeared. 
Her ability to shape shift and her telepathic abilities made her 
impossible to detect unless we caught her in the act. Then, when hope 
was almost non-existent, Special Agent Mihoshi managed to flush Lessa 
out of hiding and a very tactical chase began. We finally had her 
surrounded in an ice field in the far reaches of the galaxy.  Kiyone 
closed her eyes. She knew what happened next. 
	The end result was a victory for the GP, Jurai, and the Science 
Academy, but not without a price. Jurai's glorious fleet had been 
reduced to only twelve ships, four destroyers, two battleships and six 
cruisers. The colony was a total loss. There were no survivors. The 
galaxy police elite force was reduced to only seven soldiers out of 
five hundred. And three scientists had died out of a team of nine. But 
Lessa was locked away deep within the subspace prison, from which there 
was no escape.  
	 Sadly, Special Agent Mihoshi's fight with Lessa had left her a 
mindless husk of her former self.  Tests indicated Lessa had destroyed 
75% of Mihoshi's brain functions.  She was left in a coma for over 200 
years, only to wake up an insane, unstoppable killing machine.  An 
entire hospital staff and a GP Special Forces unit were killed in her 
waking before she was sedated and placed in the care of the Space 
Science Academy to help repair the damage.  Special Agent Mihoshi's 
mother, Washu Hakubi, led the research team.  For thirty years the 
research team worked on repairing the damaged tissues and broken 
memories from Lessa's mighty assault; finally they succeeded. 
Unfortunately, Mihoshi was an emotional wreck when she awakened.  Washu 
wouldn't allow anyone to give up on Special Agent Mihoshi.  She worked 
night and day to come up with a device to suppress her emotions to the 
point where she could recover at her own pace.  Then one day Washu came 
up with a device that would suppress her mind to that of a young 
forgetful child's, for only the mind of a child is able to block out 
the bad memories and only remember the good memories.  This device came 
in the form of a ribbon, which reduced the wearer's brain functions to 
that of a 5-year-old child's mentality.
	With everything done that could be done for her Special Agent 
Mihoshi was released to the care of her husband the current GP Marshal 
with false memories and suggestions leading Special agent Mihoshi to 
believe him to be her grandfather.  Along with the Marshal's memories 
all memories of Washu being her mother were removed as well.  Though 
Mihoshi's Ribbon did everything it was designed for it did not suppress 
her desire to continue to work as a GP operative.  She was given an 
untouchable status and placed in the field where she wanted to be.  
Over the years the Ribbon subdued her memories and slowly repaired the 
psychological and mental damage that Lessa had done.  The treatment was 
to be completed as of yesterday thought to be a complete success, but 
some unexplained event has caused her to relapse into placing the 
Ribbon back into operational status.
Though infinitely better, she is still relying on the Ribbon to subdue 
the memories. Reports indicate her brain is 100% operational again, so 
the only thing that can be determined is that she is not ready to face 
her memories.  End documentation.
	On a side note, Lessa Storm is still sealed safely within the 
Subspace prison, Washu has since re-entered Special Agent Mihoshi's 
life, and also the introduction of Special Agent Mihoshi's daughter has 
sped the recovery process exceptionally well.  Neither one knows about 
each other being mother and daughter; especially the daughter -- all 
her memories have been completely erased and to be given back to her at 
a later date and replaced by false ones.  The daughter now goes by the 
false name of Kiyone Makubi and is partnered with her mother Special 
Agent Mihoshi.  Since Detective First class Kiyone's introduction, 
Special Agent Mihoshi's emotional repair has jumped 65% just by being 
around each other. This phenomenon is unexplainable and a miracle all 
in itself. Upon recovery of Special Agent Mihoshi, all of Kiyone's 
memories will be reinstalled to awareness and both Mihoshi and Kiyone 
will be relieved of duty with the highest honors. 
	As a last side note, while reviewing Special Agent Mihoshi's 
memories of the Lessa encounter, we found one thing to be false, one in 
which the colony's children were locked in the main reactor and burned 
alive. However, that could not have been farther from the truth. Upon 
opening the main reactor door, we were greeted by waves of children, 
including Mihoshi's daughter, all safe and well. We can only conclude 
that this memory was the moment when Lessa destroyed her mind in a last 
ditch attempt to escape. All children were given new families and/or 
placed in foster homes. End side notes.
Kiyone was speechless. She couldn't believe it. She felt tears rolling 
down her cheeks. So finally, the mystery was solved. She now knew why 
Mihoshi acted the way she did. And lots more she never even dreamed of. 
Silently, she closes the file. Upon further investigation, she also 
learned Mihoshi was the most highly decorated GP officer ever and still 
is. She was even the Chief Marshall before she retired.  Silently, 
Kiyone let the information run through her mind. She never even heard 
Washu enter the lab and sit behind her. 
	"I've brought you some food." Washu's voice echoes.
	"Washu! God, you scared the hell out of me!" 
	"I'm sorry Kiyone. or should I call you Kali now?"
	"Kiyone is fine. It's the only name I know. Should I be calling 
you Grandma now?" Kiyone says with humor.
	Washu chuckles, "If you want. You know, when this is all said and 
done, you'll have the choice of returning to your original form and 
memories. What do you think you'll do?"
"Seriously? I don't know. It's too much at once all at once, is all I 
do know. My old memories would help though, but I'll keep my appearance 
I think. I'm not too sure though."
"Well anyway, before you go crazy, relax and eat something. You've been 
down here for six hours. Mihoshi and Sasami are still deep into that 
game. So much in fact, that I had to make dinner."
Kiyone looks at Washu and begins to have flashbacks, but nothing is 
clear. She grabs her head and winces in pain. "What's happening, 
Washu?"
	Washu's holo-top appears before her and she begins to type madly. 
"You're memory block is slipping. Hell, it looks like you won't have a 
choice about getting your old memories back. That's a good thing 
though. You had good memories. Lots better than the ones they gave 
you."
The pain subsides and Kiyone looks up at her food. It smells good and 
she's starved. The meal is a simple bowl of Miso soup, with noodles and 
a bowl of rice. She devours it. "I only have one question. How is 
Mihoshi your daughter? Did you make her, like Ryoko?" 
	Washu looks surprised by the question. "No, Kiyone. Mihoshi was 
made the old fashioned way. You see, when Tarttarian's are born, they 
are sexless. They decide for themselves at puberty, which they will 
become. I was so certain that she would be a he. She had my brains and 
his features except for her eyes. They were mine. But that all changed 
at puberty. Her eyes became blue and she matured into the beautiful 
woman that you see before you when you look at her. Along with my 
intelligence, she inherited my life span as well did you. 
	For the longest time, I didn't even know she was my child, until 
she took a bullet for our headmaster in a peace treaty signing. I 
headed the surgery and realized she had my DNA in her. I put two and 
two together and told her when she woke up. We went from there and 
bonded quickly. She had you and retired to take care of you. We were 
happy together and then this happened, and I lost her again. I was 
forbidden to make contact with either of you, or face the consequences. 
So, I hid in my work again until it consumed me once again. Then when I 
could bear no more, I made Ryoko. Shortly after, Kagato imprisoned me, 
crushed Ryoko's childhood and turned her into his perfect weapon, a 
total killing machine. But, finally things are working out. You 
mother's recuperating, you are gaining your memory back, we're all 
together again, and Ryoko is finally free. Just keep your chin up, and 
in no time your mother will return to normal and we'll be a family once 
again. Until then, I want you to stay by your mother's side and don't 
let her face this alone. She's nearing the last step of her recovery 
and when she gets there, she'll need you to catch her."
	Washu hugs Kiyone and kisses her forehead. "Go get some sleep, 
Kiyone. You're exhausted. I've laid out a cot upstairs for you and 
Mihoshi to spend the night in Tenchi's room. He's off in Tokyo for the 
week at a Shrine Master's meeting, and won't be using it."
	"Thanks, Wa. Grandma." Kiyone hugs her tightly and gets up to 
leave. When she opens the door, she looks back at her grandmother. She 
closes up her holo-top and shuts off the lights. Silently, she turns 
and closes the door. 
The living room is dark and Kiyone can hear the shallow breaths of a 
sleeping Ryoko above her on the main rafter.  As she ascends the 
stairs, she can hear laughter coming from Sasami and Aeka's room. The 
two of them and Mihoshi are having a blast with Sasami's new game and 
Kiyone can't help but smile at the sound of Mihoshi's laughter. 
	She enters Tenchi's room and stares into the darkness, fumbling 
for the light switch. She finds it and flips it on. The bright flash 
hurts her eyes and she has to squint. Upon opening her eyes, she sees 
something that sends floods of memories through her. A small stuffed 
Cabbit lays propped on Kiyone's pillow. Its scruffy fur is the color of 
midnight; its glass eyes are the blue of Mihoshi's. Its ears are long 
and floppy like Ryo-ohki's. Its soft pink nose is heart shaped and its 
paws are white, as is its fluffy tail. Kiyone walks over and picks it 
up in her hands. Memories begin to flood her mind from somewhere deep 
inside. Like a Tsunami, her memories tore down the invisible barriers 
that for so long have held them locked up tight. Wave after wave of 
mixed emotions sweep over her, so overwhelming she clutches the cabbit 
tightly to her chest, collapses to the floor in a fetal position, 
slowly rocking on the floor, silently crying. She lost all 
comprehension of time. By the time she stops crying, she knows not 
whether it is day or night, only that she was lonely. Slowly she stands 
up and hugs her cabbit.
	 "Well, Salvina, looks like it's just you and me again." The 
cabbit's silence only depresses her more. "I still don't know why 
Grandma never gave me a real cabbit." Kiyone complains. Silently, she 
hugs the cabbit and exits Tenchi's room. 	
	"Don't worry, Salvina. Mother will get better soon. I just know 
it." The hall is dark. Kiyone notices the sound of crickets coming from 
outside the windows. She can tell it's late in the night. The house is 
silent, everyone sleeping. She peeks into Sasami's room, and sees the 
lit TV screen, two numbers and some words. Kiyone takes a closer look 
and it reads 'Player one: 972 wins. Player two: 1 win" Both Mihoshi and 
Sasami are passed out at their controllers. Kiyone laughs to herself 
and goes to the stairs, takes two steps and stops. She hears movement 
and low voices. Stealthily, she makes her way to the stairs midway 
point where she can peek around the stairs. She doesn't see anything at 
first, but as her eyes adjust, she can make out two figures. But still, 
her vision is not adjusted properly. "Damn that TV," she curses 
silently. Quickly she pulls out her blaster and snaps it off safety. 
She's about ready to peek again when she feels a gentle breath on her 
ear. 
	 "You know, Kiyone, it's not polite to spy on people. It's 
awfully rude." Ryoko's voice is filled with playfulness. Kiyone 
freezes. Slowly she turns around to greet Ryoko, but she's no longer 
there. "Ryoko?" "Down here Kiyone." Kiyone walks down the rest of the 
stairs and sees Ryoko at the table with her back to Kiyone. Another 
Ryoko appears beside Kiyone out of nowhere. Kiyone looks into Ryoko's 
eyes and sees joy, deep joy. "What's go you so happy, Ryoko?"
Ryoko just smiles. 
	"C'mon, don't keep me in suspense. I need some good news in my 
life."
Ryoko's smile fades. "Don't worry Kiyone. Mihoshi will get better real 
soon. Mom has done everything possible to fix Lessa's damage. She was 
super powerful, stronger than Kain. Not only physically but especially 
mentally. Single handed, she destroyed planets, colonies and millions 
of lives."
	"Kind of like you, huh Ryoko?"
Ryoko flinches. "Yeah, like me. Except one difference. I didn't have a 
choice and I didn't like it.  Anyway enough of my past, and more about 
my future!" Ryoko's sudden change of subject was her way of politely 
telling some one to drop it. Kiyone took the hint and did. She had been 
around Ryoko long enough to know that she took shit from no one and 
willfully dished out wonderful lessons in pain to anyone who didn't 
take the hint the first time.
	"So what about your future has you so excited Ryoko?"
	"Well if you really must know it's this!" Ryoko quickly merges 
with her other self and turns around shoving a lump of papers at 
Kiyone. Kiyone gabs them ad takes a look.  "School enlistment papers! 
Job applications! Dance and singing lessons! Ryoko what has gotten into 
you? This is not like you at all." Kiyone's jaw hangs almost to the 
floor as she attempts to soak up as shocking information.   "What 
brought on these sudden decisions."  Ryoko's face suddenly filled with 
sadness and her voice becomes a whisper and tears well up in her eyes.  
When she speaks Kiyone's heart sinks.  "Because Tenchi cannot fall in 
love with me because I'm not normal so instead of giving up I am going 
to do something about it.  I'm going to prove to Tenchi that I can be 
anything and everything he ever wished for and much much more." The 
previous expression is back on her face as she organizes a stack of 
boxes of different shapes and sizes.  "What's in those Ryoko?" 
	"When the wardrobe mom took the shopping everything is perfect" 
	"So pleasantly be taking?"

	The conversation goes on for hours and Kiyone finds solstice in 
her "Aunt" even though she was older than her it still helped to talk 
to somebody.  When Sasami awoke to make breakfast Ryoko got up and set 
the table and even helped in the cooking.  At breakfast Ryoko shocked 
the hell out of everyone, not once did Ryoko fight with Aeka despite 
multiple attempts on Aeka's part to instigate a flight that would cause 
war.  Tenchi stood their shocked to the core that not once during 
breakfasts did Ryoko glomp or try to seduce him. She ate and socialized 
with Sasami Kiyone Washu even Aeka.  When she finished she cleared her 
plates rinses them in the sink and started the dishes.  Everyone 
including Sasami was speechless!  When the dishes were done she said 
she would be out for the day and will be back for dinner.  She phased 
through the ceiling and disappeared.  Everyone face faulted.

	Kiyone kept her promise to remain silent about everything Ryoko 
was doing and smiled as she watched Ryoko disappear.  Tenchi dressed 
for school and parted with his usual goodbye "goodbye Lord Tenchi have 
a nice day of school!"  Shouted I Aeka as Tenchi left out the door.  
Tenchi fully expected to be glomped by Ryoko any minute as he walked on 
the path to the bus stop but his amazement and silent disappointment 
she never came this morning and for some reason he felt disappointed.  
Signing as he got onto the bus Tenchi went to school. 

	The first half of Tenchi's day was slow as hell.  Two of his six 
classes had substitute teachers who taught yesterday's lesson.  The 
other for work pop quiz and filing when Tenchi thought he was go to die 
of boredom the seventh class bell rang.  As he arrived his locker 
Amagasaki approached him from behind.  "Tenchi!  Oh my God where have 
you been?  I've been trying to find you all morning!"  Cried Amagasaki.
	"What's wrong Amagasaki?"  Asked Tenchi.
	Amagasaki hops and puffs as he stops before Tenchi.  "Have you 
heard about the new girl in school?  She just transferred from Okinawa.  
Oh my is she beautiful, have you seen her?"  Asks Amagasaki with stars 
in his eyes.
	"No I can't say that I have."
	"Oh man you don't know which are missing she's a total knockout 
literally!"
	"What do you mean?"  Asked Tenchi suspiciously.
	"Today in the gym the captain of the Boken club approached her 
and tried to hit on her.  She went about her business ignoring him.  He 
get real angry after she said something I didn't hear it but he went 
from angry to hysterical laughter I dunno what went on from there 
because gym for me ended. But if you ask Mia over there she can tell 
you all about it."
	Tenchi stood there and pondered for moment but then his curiosity 
got the best of him and he approached Mia.  "Hey Mia?"  Asked Tenchi. 
Slowly Mia looked up her locker and smiles and Tenchi.  
	"Hey Tenchi what's up?"  Asks Mia.
	"Nothing much Mia.  Amagasaki said something happened today with 
a new girl in gym class what happened?"  My is face brains "oh Tenchi 
missed it! Akiera was humiliated by the new girl!"
	"Oh how so?"  Asked Tenchi
	"He tried to hit on the new girl to turn him down flat without so 
much as a thought.  She said he could go to hell and Shove that Boken 
where the sun doesn't shine.  It was hilarious.  Then he lost his cool 
and tried to hit her with his Boken she sidestepped and disarms him!  
Then she broke his Boken across the back of his head!  He is still out 
cold!"  Cried Mia excitedly.
	"WOW!" Was all Tenchi could manage something about this new girl 
seemed awfully familiar?
	Some whispers from down the hall caused Tenchi to look up.  
	"She's coming."  Whispered somebody. 
	"Wow she is so beautiful!"  Said another. 
	"Oh my she so dreamy!"  Tenchi couldn't make out a figure with 
the entire crowd hoarding around her, but for some reason he didn't 
want to.  	"Please don't be Ryoko!  Please don't be her!"  Said Tenchi 
to himself.  
	Then Tenchi saw her, and for about a brief moment Tenchi was 
paralyzed.  It wasn't her!  It wasn't Ryoko!  It wasn't Ryoko at all 
relief washed over Tenchi as he sighed deeply.  "Oh thank Kahmi Samma!"  
Prey's Tenchi.  The young woman looked at him and just smiled.  "Hello 
there my name is Mitsue Nagaoka, nice to meet you."  Said the beautiful 
girl who stops next to Tenchi's locker door "looks like we will be 
neighbors!"  Tenchi stairs at her nervously. "Hi my name is Tenchi. 
Tenchi Masaki.  It's nice to meet you Mitsue Nagaoka."
They shake hands and Tenchi can fill the shrink from her grip.  It was 
a firm handshake, nothing superhuman but awfully strong for her size.  
"Well it was great meeting you Tenchi but I must be off, my next 
classes are across campus.  See you later Tenchi."  And just like that 
she was gone. 
	"Wow Tenchi!  She talked to you!  You're so lucky!" Exclaims 
Amagasaki.  
	Tenchi sighs a sigh of relief.  Thoughts of Ryoko flesh into his 
mind.  Slowly he made his way to his next class.  Tenchi took his seat 
at his drawing table; silently he arranges his drawing supplies 
preparing for today's lesson.  He's been waiting for this day all week.  
Today they would draw a nude model; the class had no clue of the 
identity of the model just that today would be the day they would take 
on this wonderful experience.  Tenchi takes a piece of paper and 
secures it to the desk when that was finished he patiently waited.  He 
was the first one to class like always and like always he was ready to 
begin before the teacher even arrived.  He loved art; he loved drawing, 
painting, charcoal, graphite, watercolors, and pastels.  Anything and 
everything to do with drawing Tenchi loved it.  Suddenly particular 
drawing came to mind.  One that stayed at school for fear of the 
controversy it would bring him at home. It won him first place in a 
free style art competition.  It was 6'x6' painting of Ryoko and Ryo-
ohki, it was during one of those moments that Tenchi got to see the 
real Ryoko, she had not known he was there but he had watched as Ryoko 
and Ryo-ohki played a game of cabbit tag.  Tenchi had almost died 
laughing. It was at the moment Ryoko caught Ryo-ohki that Tenchi's mind 
took a mental picture.  As Ryoko cuddled Ryo-ohki a look of pure 
innocence passed across her face.  And for those few brief moments 
Ryoko was a pure angel, and Ryo-ohki her guiding light.  The painting 
won him many contests and awards.  But what really surprised him was 
when he was offered over 3.6 million dollars by some U.S. art 
collector. 
	 A soft pair of strong arms wrapped around Tenchi shoulders 
breaking him from his reverie a soft pair of lips brushes across his 
earlobe and a soft voice speaks into his ear in an angelic whisper.  
"Penny for your thoughts Tenchi."  The voice sends shivers of 
excitement up Tenchi's spine he knew exactly who it was just by her 
presence.  He didn't flinch, he didn't pull away he just melted into 
her embrace issuing a small sigh of contentment as he said her name.
	 "Ryoko." 
	A gentle kiss and an audiable pure of the delightment is all the 
answer tenchi needs.  "Hello Tenchi."  Says Ryoko as she gently nibbles 
upon Tenchi earlobe.  After a few moments of this Ryoko reluctantly 
let's go Tenchi.  As he slowly turns around to her Tenchi's jaw drops 
to the floor.  Ryoko stands before Tenchi in a red and black Komono 
made from the finest silk he has ever seen. Golden Ryo Ohki's are 
embroidered all throughout the shimmering fabric pictured chasing 
carrots all over the place. Her hair is straight and falls to the 
middle of her thighs in a shimmering river of cyan trestles.  Woven 
through her hair lies a dark forest green ribbon that accents her 
features.  Her lips are the color of night pearl rouge glistening 
warmly in the soft glow of the classroom.  She smells of honey due and 
cherry blossoms and her fragrance intoxicates Tenchi with its rich 
alluring aroma.  She wore a white rose in her hair along her right 
temple that made her eyes sparkle.  Her nails were painted the color of 
her ribbon and she wore a golden heart shaped locket necklace around 
her neck that bore the initials R&T with intricate designs around the 
edge.  It was about the size of a nickel. The chain was thin as sewing 
thread and looked as if would break any moment if the wind just blew 
wrong. 

	Tenchi suddenly realized he had stopped breathing and took a 
much-needed deep breath of air.  Ryoko twirled around elegantly posing 
for his approval in hopes of a kind word her gesture.  Tenchi still 
marvel that the perfection of her Kamono as Ryoko stood there smiling. 
	"So Tenchi what do you think?"  Asks Ryoko hopefully.
	"Your beautiful Ryoko." stammered Tenchi.  "Would bring she her 
Ryoko?"  Ryoko smiles and hugs Tenchi. She feels his excitement and 
smiles as she leans up to him and sucks gently on his earlobe. "Well 
Tenchi if you must know I am your model for today." Exclaims Ryoko 
seductivly as she loosens her obi in front of him allowing her silk 
Kamono pull at her feet.

	Well folks there you have it chapter 2 is finally complete the 
took me a while the type this out I have it all written down I can't 
wait to finish the rest, hopefully this wont take too long to get 
posted.  And just you wait, it's only gonna get better for her. I 
should have the next chapter done with a week or two depending on how 
much free time I get from work.i have not been given much sense the 
terrorist attacks sense I am in the United States Air Force. I am a 
security forces member who just enjoys the pleasures of writing. So as 
you can imagine I don't get much time to myself anymore.  Anyway I hope 
you enjoy reading this and please send back any C&C that you may have 
for me.  Whether it's good bad I want to know what your opinions are on 
this story.  Thank you and enjoy.
PS. Disclaimer: I do not own any of AIC/Pioneer's Characters mentioned 
in this fic Nor do I own any of the Street fighter Character mentioned 
in this fic either. I do how ever own my Characters that I have 
integrated into this series. If you wish to use any of them you need 
but ask. So please don't take me to court.
	
	



