          “When Two World’s Clash”
          (COMSAT-XE vs. Ryoko)

          Endless battlefields of the planet Venus laid before
          COMSAT Soldier’s eyes, it was familiar
          to him some how but on the other hand it wasn’t.  This
          was the end of his first war, so how could it be
          familiar?
          “Damn it I just don’t know!” the COMSAT yelled to
          himself, “Mars, Venus, the Earth, and
          now me are all infected by my adversaries.  This Space
          Pirate Ryoko is said to be the deadliest and
          strongest woman in known space; how ironic, for she is
          about to meet the strongest and deadliest
          man in the universe.  All I have to do is find her and
          get off this unforgiving planet before it eats me
          whole!  I wonder what’s over that mountain to the West,”
          the COMSAT Soldier looked Westward.
          “Or should I head to that black smoke over to the East,”
          he turned his head looking East.
          “Wait a minute! there’s a figure of a woman flying my
          way from the North....  It’s Ryoko!  It
          has to be no COMSAT Soldier can fly not even I.  Ryoko!
          I’m here waiting for you, come to me, I
          want you to, show me just why you are so feared by all!”

          ****
          “I must watch this ever changing landscape very
          closely.” Ryoko recited to herself as she
          hovered of the Venus landscape.
          “I must find Tenchi!  I will not leave this planet until
          I find my husband....” Ryoko
          unexpectedly discontinue in her flight and looked around
          the forbidden landscape.
          “Something’s not right!  Someone’s watching me I can
          feel it... it’s as if someone is connected
          to me somehow, watching my every movement.  Washu told
          me that something about a bloodthirsty
          COMSAT Soldier that was out here looking for me.  But
          what did she mean by he would be just like
          me except more advanced?” Ryoko looked around again and
          shutter from the thought.
          “The COMSAT Soldier! he’s somewhere close and I can feel
          him calling me.  I must hurry
          and find Tenchi before that Soldier finds him.” Ryoko
          was about to fly off to find Tenchi when she
          spotted a human figure standing a quarter mile from her
          current position.
          “Oh no! he’s here! he’s been waiting for me the whole
          time, just standing there knowing that
          I will come and fight him.  Tenchi’s somewhere close so
          I have no choice but to fight him now.  But
          what can I do to fight such a adversary when it is said
          that the newest version of the COMSAT
          Soldier can not be killed?  What if another one was to
          come then what?  It would be suicide to have
          to fight more then one, but I have no time to worry
          about that I must destroy the COMSAT Soldier
          then get Tenchi and I off this planet before someone
          else comes looking for me.” Ryoko unwillingly
          hesitated for a moment before flying off to meet the
          COMSAT Soldier.

          ****
          “Well look who it is!” the COMSAT Soldier greeted the
          Space Pirate Ryoko with his head
          veering down, “the famous Space Pirate Ryoko has come to
          fight her last fight.” He lifted his head to
          look at the Space Pirate’s face which was moderately
          angry.
          “It’s been along time, Ryoko, sense I’ve seen someone
          alive let alone killed someone.  I been
          looking for you for many years you know.  I heard
          stories about how ruthless you are in battle, but
          they never said anything about you being a women.” The
          Soldier placed his left hand over my right
          fist, popped his knuckles, and did like wise the other
          hand.  He looked at Ryoko with hungry eyes
          then placed himself in one of his several Martial Art’s
          fighting stances and waited for the Space
          Pirate to respond.
          “Its a shame that I must take a pretty thing like you
          back to Juri,” He told her in a
          ruthlessness tone, “if I had it my way I would destroy
          this planet with you on it!”

          Ryoko looked back at the challenging COMSAT Soldier as
          if not amused by his ambitious
          presents.
          “Get out of my way COMSAT!” Ryoko demanded in a furious
          tone, “I have no time to play
          with a measly genetically altered human.”

          “So you heard of us!” The COMSAT Soldier conformed
          Ryoko’s remark about him being a
          COMSAT Soldier.
          “Good for you, but I can’t get out of your way because I
          am programmed to take orders and
          complete them.  My orders are to bring you in dead or
          alive, I however prefer to have you dead!  Oh
          I almost forgot.  Where is that husband of yours, Lord
          Tenchi?  I’m looking forward to having him
          watch you die and after I’m done with you I will
          exterminate him too!”

          When Ryoko heard what the COMSAT Soldier just said to
          her she became very delirious on
          the fact that the COMSAT Soldier wanted to kill Tenchi.
           Her eye’s started to change to the color of
          her demon self as she formed energy balls in her hands.

          “Noooo!” screamed Ryoko as she jumped into the air and
          threw her energy blast at the
          COMSAT Soldier, “I won’t let you kill my Tenchi!”

          The COMSAT Soldier watched as the Space Pirate Ryoko
          used her energy blast to attack
          him.  He began to chuckle as her attempts to attack him
          were of no use to her because her blast
          missed every time.  When she landed in front of the him
          and drew her energy sword to attack.  The
          COMSAT Soldier was quick to respond by grabbing her by
          the throat and applied crusting pressure
          to her esophagus.  The deadly landscape filled with the
          sounds of the Space Pirate’s crushing muscle
          and bone.
          “You know what Ryoko?” He asked her as he closed his
          hand tighter and lifted the Space
          Pirate of her feet.
          “There’s no sense in fighting me for Es kann nur einen
          geben! (there can only be one!)  I can
          not die nor do I have any weaknesses that’s why I must
          be the one.  If you’re the best Washu can
          come up with then I’m afraid Ryoko, that you are
          obsolete.  One day I will lead my kind and take
          over the universe freeing it of our enemies.  You on the
          other hand are not one of us so you must
          refrain from existence.”

          Ryoko couldn’t withstand the extreme pain that was
          engulfing her throat and her entire
          body anymore, she begin scream out in pain.  She then
          took the action of grabbing the soldier’s hand
          to pry his grip apart.
          “Y... You will not have me or my Tenchi!” Ryoko tried to
          cough.  Giving herself enough
          freedom to breath, Ryoko formed an energy ball in her
          left hand.  She felt the grip on her throat get
          tighter to the point she couldn’t breath once more.
           Before blacking out she let out a raging scream,
          took the energy ball, and threw it has hard as she could
          into the COMSAT Soldier’s face.

          The COMSAT Soldier fell to his knees as he felt the
          swiftness of surging energy travel from
          the Space Pirate’s hand to his face, the rush of energy
          ripped through him like a hot knife through
          butter.  Letting go of the Space Pirate, he grabbed his
          lacerated face and tried to hold back the
          blindness of eye filling blood that over took him.

          Ryoko fell to the ground choking from the lack of air.
           She slowly pulled herself to her feet
          and gazed at the fallen COMSAT Soldier.  Realizing that
          the COMSAT Soldier was injured and
          unable to defend himself, Ryoko took the opportunely to
          run her energy sword through the
          COMSAT Soldier’s chest.  Ryoko then used all he strength
          to vertically cut in half the harden body
          of the COMSAT Soldier.  When her sword finished cutting,
          the body of the COMSAT Soldier at that
          moment fell to the ground into two large pieces.  Ryoko
          looked at the fallen corpse and began to smile
          as she had beaten the unbeatable.
          “Es kann nur einen geben!” Ryoko’s voice echoed.
          “I thought that you said that you couldn’t die?” she
          asked the fallen corpse, seeing that the
          COMSAT Soldier was dead.  Ryoko watched to COMSAT
          Soldier for a moment then turned her
          back and walked away.

          “That’s right Ryoko I did say that I couldn’t die!”
          Yelled to angry voice of the COMSAT
          Soldier.

          Frozen in her tracks, Ryoko turned to see the fallen
          corpse quickly regenerate back into a
          complete COMSAT Soldier.
          “No you... you should be dead!” Ryoko screamed in
          terror.
          “There’s no way that you could regenerate like that!”

          “Ryoko, Ryoko, Ryoko!” recited the COMSAT Soldier as he
          shook his head and brushed
          himself off.
          “You just had to make it hard on yourself didn’t you?”
          asked the COMSAT Soldier, “it’s
          people like you that always makes me want to kill
          someone!  I’ve killed your type many times before
          Ryoko, I’ve used the gems from the one’s I killed to
          make me stronger.  You will just be like the
          others who tries to fight even though they can’t win.
           Now that you have done what the others have I
          must take the liberty of having you die a slow and
          painful death!” After the COMSAT Soldier
          finished brushing himself off, he started to focus his
          attention on the Space Pirate who was standing
          thirty feet away from him.

          Ryoko slowly backed away in reaction to the approaching
          COMSAT Soldier who was
          attempting to grab her.  Not waiting for the COMSAT
          Soldier to get any closer and fearing that she
          would be cought by the Soldier, Ryoko turned and tried
          to fly away.  However, before she had a
          chance to take off, Ryoko was suddenly knocked from her
          feet and fell to the ground hard.  She
          looked up at the COMSAT Soldier, she began to panic for
          the COMSAT Soldier was standing over
          her with angry eyes.

          The COMSAT Soldier looked down at the defenseless Space
          Pirate that was on the ground
          beside him.  He saw the fear in her eyes but he felt no
          emotion of any sort towards the Space Pirate’s
          looks or feelings.  He only felt what he had been
          trained to feel, that was to take orders and destroy
          anything his is told to.  The COMSAT Soldier waited no
          more he heartlessly picked the Space Pirate
          off the ground, lifted her over his head, and threw her
          as hard as he could against a rock that
          shattered from the violent contact.  He listened as the
          Space Pirate started to cry out in pain, but he
          wasn’t satisfied, he then seized the Space Pirate by the
          throat and a second time picked her off her
          feet.
          “You don’t look so good Ryoko,” chuckled the COMSAT
          Soldier with satisfaction, “if I
          didn’t know any better I think that most of your bones
          have shattered.  To bad your Tenchi wasn’t
          here to save you I was really looking forward to meeting
          the Prince of Juri.” The COMSAT Soldier
          unmercifully threw the injured Space Pirate to the
          ground and engaged his battle armor by using the
          twenty-four gems located on his neck, chest, and both
          wrist.

          Ryoko laid injured on the rusted colored ground.  She
          started to cough up blood as she tried
          to move but was hardly able to move from her injuries.
           Ryoko saw a large shadow standing over
          her, in her mind she hoped it was Tenchi coming to get
          her but she was wrong for as she saw the
          COMSAT Soldier standing over her dressed in his battle
          armor.
          “Tenchi please help me!” Ryoko pleaded weakly, “Tenchi I
          love you!”

          “Wishing your Tenchi was here to save you huh?” asked
          the COMSAT Soldier, “I’m sorry
          Ryoko but your Tenchi isn’t here he’s to cowardly to
          fight someone like me!” As the COMSAT
          Soldier kneeled beside the Space Pirate, four twelve
          inch claws ejected from his armored fist and
          slowly advanced towards the Space Pirates neck.
          “Ryoko did you know back many years ago the only way to
          actually kill a immortal is to cut
          off their head?  Well that’s true for your case sense
          you’re among the older generation but I don’t
          have worry about that because I belong to the newer
          generation.”  The COMSAT Soldier lifted his
          right hand and was about to use his claws to cut off the
          Space Pirate’s head, except he was cut off
          from a hard blow to the back.  The COMSAT Soldier rolled
          away from Ryoko and turned to face
          who ever it was that attacked him while he was about to
          take his reward.
          “You!” shouted the COMSAT Soldier, “Lord Tenchi has come
          to save his Queen Ryoko.
          You’re to late Tenchi! I have orders to bring Ryoko back
          dead or alive and by Universal Law you
          have no right to interfere with COMSAT Soldier’s
          objective.”
          Tenchi looked from the COMSAT Soldier down to his wife
          Ryoko.  He ran beside her and
          lifted her head to comfort her.
          “Ryoko are you ok?” Tenchi asked her worried,  “what did
          he do to you?”

          Ryoko turned her head to look at Tenchi’s eyes and
          smiled a weak but contented smile.
          “Tenchi you came for me!” she uttered weakly, “this
          COMSAT Soldier, he’s like no one else.
          He has the power of many gods be careful Tenchi I’ve
          tried to kill him but he is unable to die.” After
          Ryoko told Tenchi what she had to say she fell
          unconscious.

          To be Continued...

          (What’s Next)

          Well that’s my second part of my story I hope you liked
          it.  It took me a little longer to finish
          the story then I plain so I’m sorry about that.  The
          next chapter is called (COMSAT-XE vs. Tenchi)
          and as you know by the title I will be fighting Tenchi.
           Ryoko hasn’t died yet and I don’t think she
          will but I haven’t decided yet.  Some of you might be
          wondering were the twenty-four gems game
          from and as I mentioned in the story.  I killed
          twenty-four immortals to obtain them I actually don’t
          need them but it helps to have a power boost.  Later on
          you’ll find out way I have them and why I’m
          after the last of the immortals, This part of the story
          is kind of base on the movie Highlander but
          unlike Highlander you won’t know who and why I’m after
          them until later in the story.  All I can tell
          you is that it isn’t good if it’s in the wrong hands
          which technicality it is at this moment.  I will try to
          get this story done as soon as I can but by the looks of
          it I have a long way to go.  I you are also
          wondering way I used “Es kann nur einen geben!” well
          it’s German but in my story it is used by all
          of the immortals as a way of saying “I’ve won or I will
          kill you and take your soul” basically.  I plain
          to have at least five to six more chapters, one more as
          a COMSAT Soldier, one maybe two as a
          Engineer, and the rest living with Tenchi.  But we’ll
          have to wait in see I might not get done before I
          leave for basic.  Well I hope you all liked my story
          stay tuned for the rest of my story it will get better
          as it goes.  If you liked my story so far please E-mail
          me at missionman007@military.com.  On
          further note my friend and I are still looking for any
          people who can make 3D models and program
          games so if your interested please E-mail me.