Act 1 Scene 2

(this scene takes place 1 month later. Ryoko and Tenchi are still together 
and
Ryoko is back to her usual self. Ayeka is now talking to Tenchi but refuses 
to
talk to Ryoko. Washu has decided to now take her adult-goddess form 
permanently
seeing as her daughter is finally growing up. Ryo-Ohki has decided to take 
her
humanoid form permanently. She now takes the form of an 11yr old child so 
that
she can play with Sasami.)

(The sun rises over the hill and the bright light shines into Tenchi's room. 
A
ray lands on Tenchi's face and he wakes up - smiling.)

Tenchi - Another lovely day (removes his covers and puts his feet on the 
floor.)
Hmmmm. Too nice a day to work but...I guess I'll have to. Sword practise 
today
aswell. I'll have to be prepared, Grandpa has been increasing the pressure 
on me
lately. Chores...a couple of days of rest are needed I think. (looks up at 
the
ceiling and sees Ryoko floating over his bed as usual.) (coughs)
Ryoko - (wakes up, stretches and looks down lovingly at Tenchi) Good 
morning...
Tenchi - (smiles) You can say it if you want Ryoko.
Ryoko - Good morning My Tenchi.
Tenchi - (smiles again)
Ryoko - (floats down and sits beside Tenchi on his bed)Did you sleep well
Tenchi?
Tenchi - Fine Ryoko. Did you?
Ryoko - (smiles at Tenchi) Yes I did Tenchi. (lies her head on Tenchi's
shoulder) Oh...I love you so much Tenchi.
Tenchi - (face turns red) I...
Ryoko - You're still as shy as the first day I met you.(smiles)
Tenchi - I love you too Ryoko. Ryoko?
Ryoko - Yes Tenchi?
Tenchi - Would you like to...er...that is...move into my room with me?
Ryoko - (looks at Tenchi in a surprise and excited way) You mean it Tenchi?
(squeals and hugs him tight.)
Tenchi - (face turns red again and nose starts to bleed) Well...you usually
spend most of your time here now anyway and I...kinda miss you when your not 
in
here.
Ryoko - You do???
Tenchi - (nods his head) When Kagato kidnapped you, I was inconsolable. 
Ayeka
didn't want me to go and rescue you but I could not stand the thought of 
losing
you.
Ryoko - Ayeka!! What are we going to tell her if she sees me moving my stuff
into your room?
Tenchi - Well...I think that she might still be asleep at the moment so go 
and
get all your stuff now!
Ryoko - Ok my Tenchi (kisses him on the cheek and then teleports herself to 
her
bedroom.) Hmmm? Now...how should I take all my stuff...I know!!! (using her
telekinesis power, she picks up everything from her room apart from the
furniture and allows it to float in the air.) Right...I think that's 
everything.
Ok, forward march!! (giggles and floats along the corridor with her stuff
following behind her. She approaches Tenchi's door and knocks.) Tenchi, it's 
me.
Tenchi - (opens the door and gasps) I forgot that you could do that Ryoko.
(laughs) Come on then ... come into my room.
Ryoko - That's the first time you've actually invited me into your room!
Tenchi - (laughs) And hopefully, that will be the last time that I will have 
to
invite you into my room aswell!
Ryoko - (giggles and gives Tenchi a warm smile) Come on then...let's put all 
my
stuff away.
Tenchi - Ok, I'll give you a hand.
Ryoko - Well...do you have enough wardrobe space for all my clothes??
Tenchi - I should have...if not, I'm sure I can make space.
Ryoko - Hey Tenchi (throws an item of clothing at Tenchi) CATCH!!!!
Tenchi - (is too late and the item of clothing (which happens to be a pair 
of
Ryoko's undergarments) lands on his head)
Ryoko - (bursts out laughing.)
Tenchi - Right (pulls the undergarments off his head) This means war!! (he
starts chasing Ryoko around the room trying to grab hold of her.)
Ryoko - (squeals with delight)
Tenchi - Ryoko...I'm gonna get you!!! (laughs)
Ryoko - You have to catch me first Tenchi!!! (laughs)
Tenchi - (runs around after Ryoko who starts to fly in the air) Oh Ryoko!! 
Not
fair!!! (laughs)

(While this is going on, all of the laughing and noise has happened to wake 
up
the resident pervert of the house - Tenchi's Dad.)

Nobuyuki - What's all that noise?? (gets out of bed) I'd better investigate.
(walks down the corridor) Oh, all that noise is coming from Tenchi's room. I
wonder what's going on? (looks through a crack in the door and sees Tenchi
chasing Ryoko around the room. He looks on the floor and notices a big pile 
of
clothes, magazines, cosmetics and so on.) Hmmm? What's going on here then??
(finally twigs on what's going on! Starts to laugh and cry)
Tenchi - (stops running) What's that noise?
Ryoko - (stops flying around and floats to the ground) What noise?
Tenchi - (grabs Ryoko and pulls her onto the bed) Ah-ha!! Got'cha!! (laughs)
Ryoko - (laughs) You cheater Tenchi!!! (pulls Tenchi closer and kisses him)
Tenchi - (returns the kiss and then pulls away) Come on Ryoko!! We'd better
finish unpacking your things otherwise we'll be late for breakfast.
Ryoko - (pouts) But Tenchi...
Tenchi - (puts his index finger on Ryoko's lip) There is plenty of time for 
that
sort of stuff later. Now come and help me move all my stuff around.

(30 mins later - the Masaki family and others are sat around the table 
eating
breakfast.)

Mihoshi - This is good Sasami...you have really outdone yourself today. Is 
it
someone's birthday or something??
Kiyone - You never remember anything do you???
Sasami - No, no special occasion. I just felt like cooking something 
different
today.
Tenchi - Well it is very good Sasami.
Ryoko - When isn't it? (smiles at Sasami)
Nobuyuki - (whispers in Tenchi's ear) When are you going to make the
announcement then??
Tenchi - (turns bright red) Dad, how do you know??
Nobuyuki - I saw you and Ryoko messing around in your room. Am I right then? 
Has
she moved into your room??
Tenchi - (sighs) Yes, she has Dad.
Nobuyuki - (squeezes his son in one big hug and shouts out) This is another 
step
forward to becoming a real man Tenchi. I'm so proud of you!!!!
Tenchi - (sighs)
Ryoko - (grins)

(Everyone else looks puzzled)

Nobuyuki - Well, Tenchi? Aren't you going to tell everyone??
Tenchi - Well, there isn't really that much to tell.
Nobuyuki - This is a big step forward Tenchi. I want everyone to know!!
Tenchi - Well, what if I don't??
Nobuyuki - I'll tell them if you don't!!
Tenchi - (sighs) Alright! I'll tell them. (grabs hold of Ryoko's hand and 
stands
up) Ryoko and I have a big announcement to make.
Mihoshi - You're getting married??
Ayeka - You're splitting up? (asked hopefully)
Sasami - You're having a baby?
Tenchi - No, no and no. We have decided that sleeping in separate rooms is 
now
ridiculous considering our current circumstances. So...about 30 minutes ago,
Ryoko moved all of her stuff into my room. We have decided to now sleep 
together
in the same room.
Ayeka - I knew that this day would soon come. The evil has fallen upon us 
all. I
don't think that I can stand much more of this. That is why I have decided 
to
leave here and return to Jurai. (turns toward Sasami) Sasami, you may stay 
here
if you wish but I see no reason for me to stay here.
Tenchi - Ayeka, now please reconsider.
Ayeka - No Tenchi. I can see that you are not going to leave the she-demon 
so I
might aswell leave myself. I have already asked my family to send down a
spaceship for me to travel home in. I will not change my mind. (turns toward
Sasami) Sasami? Do you wish to stay or do you wish to leave with me?
Sasami - If I may Ayeka, I wish to stay here with the others.
Ayeka - Alright, if that is your decision (walks upstairs)
Tenchi - Well, I didn't see that coming.
Ryoko - I'm as surprised as you.
Washu - I certainly did NOT see that coming.
Ryoko - Well, what are we going to do Tenchi?? Should we follow her?
Katsuhito - No, I will go and find her (walks up and goes up the stairs to
Ayeka's bedroom.)

(Meanwhile, upstairs in Ayeka and Sasami's bedroom.)

Ayeka - I cannot believe that Tenchi is still going out with that she-demon. 
He
should have chosen me... oh why didn't he choose me? (sobs)
Katsuhito - (walks into the room) Ayeka, are you alright?
Ayeka - (wipes her eyes) Oh...yes grandfather, I'm fine.
Katsuhito - Why are you leaving Ayeka??
Ayeka - Well...because...because Tenchi is with that she-demon. Is there
something wrong with me? First Yosho leaves me and now Tenchi (starts to 
cry)
Why?
Katsuhito - Tenchi still cares for you Ayeka.
Ayeka - Yes, but he loves Ryoko.
Katsuhito - Still, you should not leave just for this.
Ayeka - Anyway, I only came here to find Yosho and to take a short vacation.
Now, I have discovered that Yosho is not here and that my vacation is now 
over.
I must leave...I must return to Jurai.
Katsuhito - Well...if you are leaving Ayeka...I have no choice but to go 
with
you.
Ayeka - Why grandfather...I do not need a keeper. I am quite capable of 
looking
after myself. Anyway...I have Azaka and Kamidake to look after me...they are 
the
royal guardians anyway.
Katsuhito - Well...if you won't allow me to go with you...I must try to make 
you
stay.
Ayeka - Grandfather...you may be from Jurai, but that does not give you the
right to keep me here against my will.
Katsuhito - (stands in Ayeka's way)
Ayeka - Grandfather, this is ridiculous, please get out of my way.
Katsuhito - (stands in front of Ayeka again.)
Ayeka - Azaka! Kamidake!
Azaka and Kamidake - Yes Miss Ayeka?
Ayeka - Can you please move grandfather out of the way?
Katsuhito - Azaka, Kamidake, stand down...
Azaka and Kamidake - Yes, sir.
Ayeka - AZAKA! KAMIDAKE! PLEASE REMOVE GRANDFATHER FROM MY PATH!!
Katsuhito - Azaka, Kamidake, stand down.
Azaka and Kamidake - Yes sir.
Ayeka - What? Why...
Katsuhito - (turns around and walk towards the door) I expect to see you at 
the
breakfast table tomorrow Ayeka. (walks out of the door.)
Ayeka - How? (watches Katsuhito leave and gasps)

(Meanwhile in Tenchi's room.)

Tenchi - Do you think that Ayeka will really leave??
Ryoko - I don't know Tenchi.
Tenchi - I hope she doesn't.
Ryoko - (starts to get jealous) You do?
Tenchi - (sees Ryoko's expression) But...she's only a friend...that's all.
Ryoko - Are you sure Tenchi? I know that she wants more.
Tenchi - I know...but you're the only one I want.
Ryoko - Really Tenchi??
Tenchi - Yes, really.
Ryoko - Oh Tenchi (hugs him tight)
Tenchi - (face turns red. Hugs Ryoko back)
Ryoko - Tenchi, I have waited forever to be with you and now that I am...I 
can't
believe it. I feel like I'm living a dream. A deep sleep that I don't want 
to
wake up from.
Tenchi - Well...you should believe it. This is real life Ryoko. And I am now
trying to make up for those two years that I left you waiting for me. When 
you
left after the Kagato fight and I never heard from you for a long period of
time...I was seriously worried for you. You were seriously injured the last 
time
I saw you and I was hoping and praying that you were still alive. And 
then...
when I saw you that day when all the cherry blossom was falling...I couldn't
believe my eyes. I thought that my eyes were playing tricks on me -  I 
couldn't
believe that you were back and that you were safe. I was in shock but I was 
so
glad to see you...
Ryoko - (puts index finger on Tenchi's lip) There is plenty of time for that
LATER. Now...I have a surprise for you. Close your eyes my Tenchi. (smiles)
Tenchi - (closes his eyes and smiles)
Ryoko - Ok now...open your eyes!
Tenchi - (Tenchi opens his eyes and gasps) Ryoko! (He looks at the small 
object
in Ryoko's hand) Is that what I think it is?
Ryoko - What do you think it is? (smiles slyly)
Tenchi - A...A...A double bed.
Ryoko - Yes, it is my Tenchi. I had Washu make it for us. She made it this 
small
so that I could carry it easily and hide it from you till the right moment.
So...(smiles and moves closer to Tenchi) What do you think?
Tenchi - (face turns illuminous red and his nose starts to bleed)
Well...er...I...
Ryoko - (face looks hurt) You do want us to sleep together, don't you 
Tenchi? We
are a proper couple now, after all.
Tenchi - (pulls himself together) <Snap out of it Tenchi. Here you are with 
a
beautiful girl, one who you have loved since you met her and you're sat here 
not
saying a word. She loves you too and she wants to show you that she does. 
And
you want to show her that you do. Say something for god sake!> Yes...Yes I 
do
Ryoko. You know how much I care and love you, it's just...well...you know 
how
shy I am.
Ryoko - (face brightens up) Oh Tenchi! Stand back, I'll just change this 
thing
to it's normal size and...
Tenchi - (holds his hand up) Wait Ryoko! (runs to a cupboard and pulls out 
sword
Tenchi-ken) I have a present for you Ryoko, to show how much I trust you 
now. I
would like you to have your other two gems. Think of them as a present to 
show
you how much I love and trust you. Here (hands Ryoko the sword) Take them.
Ryoko - (is very surprised) Tenchi...I don't know what to say. Now I know 
that
you must truly love me. (starts to cry)
Tenchi - Hey hey don't cry Ryoko (hugs Ryoko)
Ryoko - Oh Tenchi (hugs Tenchi back)
Tenchi - Go on then...take your gems, I'm due for a practise against grandpa 
in
10 mins.
Ryoko - Alright Tenchi
Tenchi - (grasps one end of the sword)
Ryoko - (grasps the other end and the gems in the sword start to glow. 
Slowly
they start to disappear. Then one reappears on Ryoko's right wrist. Then the
second one starts to disappear and reappears on her neck. She then starts to 
cry
again.) Oh Tenchi. This is the most wonderful gift that anyone has even 
given
me. No-one has ever trusted in me, no-one except Ryo-Ohki. Oh Tenchi!! 
I...I...
Tenchi - It's ok Ryoko. I know.
Ryoko - Tenchi (pulls herself towards Tenchi)
Tenchi - (kisses Ryoko) Come on Ryoko...what about that bed?


