Act 2 Scene 4

(this scene takes place straight after Bijoshi has left.)

Mihoshi - Why are we here in your lab Washu??
Washu - To be honest Mihoshi, I don't know.
Ryoko - (rubs her head) Oh...what happened?
Washu - I don't know that either Ryoko, this scientific genius is completely
clueless. Oh well, whatever happened we are all here and alright.
Sasami - Yeah. (turns to Ryo-Ohki) Come on Ryo-Ohki, let's go outside and 
play.
Ryo-Ohki - Meow!!

(Sasami and Ryo-Ohki both leave Washu's lab)

Ryoko - (turns to Tenchi and grabs his hand)
Tenchi - (smiles)
Ayeka - I...I'm confused Miss Washu...
Washu - Don't worry about it Ayeka. Now everyone, I've got a lot of work to 
do
so...if you don't mind.
Kiyone - Oh right, come on Mihoshi. We'll need to write up a report on our 
visit
to Jurai and our 'surprise.'
Tenchi - Remember Kiyone, if your boss gives you any trouble, come to me.
Kiyone - Thank you, Prince Tenchi.
Tenchi - Oh no, don't you start aswell!!
Ryoko - (laughs) Come on Tenchi, let's go for a walk in the woods.
Tenchi - Alright Ryoko (he starts to fly in the air)
Yosho - Hmmmm...funny thing. I remember injecting you with Ryoko's powers,
Tenchi but I can't remember why.
Washu - And I can remember injecting you with Tenchi's powers, Ryoko but I 
can't
remember either.
Nobuyuki - This is all very strange.
Washu - Hmmmm. Anyway...
Everyone - Oh right.

(Everyone leaves the lab leaving Washu trying to figure out what happened to 
all
of them over the past few days.)

Ryoko - Tenchi, how about instead of taking a walk through the woods, we
celebrate the fact that we are now officially engaged??
Tenchi - Great idea Ryoko.
Ryoko - Right, let's get out the Sake!!
Tenchi - Just don't get me drunk again Ryoko.
Ryoko - Oh...come on Tenchi. Live a little. We are celebrating our 
engagement.
You've got to get drunk. It's traditional.
Tenchi - (sighs and then smiles) Alright Ryoko...but not too much ok?
Ryoko - (smiles) Anyone else like to join us??
Kiyone - Well me and Mihoshi have our report to do so we'll decline, but 
thanks
all the same. Come on Mihoshi, MIHOSHI!!!
Mihoshi - Oh, coming Kiyone.

(Mihoshi and Kiyone both leave)

Nobuyuki - I'll join you two. I want to celebrate the fact that my son is
getting married oh...I'm so excited!!
Tenchi - DAD!!!
Nobuyuki - So...Ryoko, have you put any thought into bridesmaids and such?
Tenchi - Dad, I've only just asked her...she can't have possibly have 
decided
yet..
Ryoko - I have actually Tenchi. I want Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Mihoshi, Kiyone and
Ayeka all to be my bridesmaids. If that's alright.
Ayeka - You want me to be a bridesmaid at your wedding Ryoko?
Ryoko - If you will Ayeka, I'd really like it if you could.
Ayeka - Well Miss Ryoko, I...don't know what to say. You have never spoken 
to me
in this way before...I...I...(swallows) I will.
Ryoko - Oh...thank you Ayeka.
Tenchi - (smiles at Ryoko) You see, you don't have to keep up your tough 
space-
pirate act all the time. You're so much nicer this way.
Ayeka - Yes Miss Ryoko. You could almost pass for royalty.
Tenchi - Well, that is good. I am glad that you two are speaking to each 
other.
Ayeka - Well Tenchi, it was Yosho who helped me. While you were away on 
Jurai,
he told me that I should not get in the way of you two. He told me that I 
should
swallow my pride and accept the fact that you two are meant to be together. 
I
guess he is right. You can take the Jurai throne Tenchi. You are the 
rightful
heir to it and you have already been accepted on Jurai. Take the Jurai
throne...I can tell that you will be a great ruler.
Tenchi - Are you sure Ayeka?
Ayeka - Yes I am Tenchi (hugs Tenchi) Thank you for everything...everything 
that
you have done for me... I appreciate it all.
Tenchi - That is alright Ayeka (turns to look at Ryoko) Ryoko? Are you 
alright?
You don't look so good...
Ryoko - (suddenly gets up a runs towards the bathroom)
Everyone - ?
Tenchi - I'll go and see if she's alright.

(Tenchi walks to the bathroom and knocks on the door)

Tenchi - Ryoko? Are you alright???
Ryoko - I'm fine Tenchi (comes out of the door)
Tenchi - Are you sure?
Ryoko - Yes.
Tenchi - Do you want to go upstairs for a rest.
Ryoko - Yes, will you come with me?
Tenchi - Sure. I'll just tell everyone.

(Enter living room)

Tenchi - We're both going upstairs for a rest. We'll see you guys later.
Nobuyuki - What about our celebration?
Tenchi - DAD! Right at the moment, Ryoko is more important to me.

(Tenchi and Ryoko both go upstairs into Tenchi's room. What they don't know 
is
that they are being followed upstairs by Tenchi's dad.)

Tenchi - Are you sure you're ok Ryoko?
Ryoko - Tenchi...I...we...love each other right?
Tenchi - Of course I love you. I wouldn't have asked you to marry me if I
didn't. Why?
Ryoko - Well...I...er...
Tenchi - Come on Ryoko, you know you can tell me anything.
Ryoko - (puts on a serious face and stares at Tenchi) Tenchi...I'm...I'm
pregnant.
Tenchi - You...are...pregnant?
Ryoko - (nods her head) Tenchi?
Tenchi - Yes Ryoko?
Ryoko - Are you alright about it?
Tenchi - (swallows) Of...of...course I am. It's...great news.
Ryoko - (smiles) Really?
Tenchi - (sits beside Ryoko) Of course it is. I know that you would make a 
great
mum. So...we should have a double celebration, shouldn't we?
Ryoko - (smile widens) I guess we should.

(They both leave the room just after Nobuyuki rushed downstairs with a big 
grin
on his face. Tenchi and Ryoko both enter the living room, looking a lot 
happier
now that Tenchi has got over the initial shock.)

Nobuyuki - (can not resist the temptation any longer) Oh Tenchi!!! My son!!
(grabs Tenchi in a big hug and squeezes him tight)
Tenchi - (face-faults) (whispers to Ryoko) Maybe we should make our room 
sound-
proof aswell!!
Ryoko - (laughs)
Nobuyuki - (pulls out a chair) Go on, sit down.
Tenchi - Oh...thanks Dad (is about to sit down) Don't mind if I do.
Nobuyuki - (pulls the chair away. Tenchi falls straight onto the floor) This
isn't for you Tenchi. It's for Ryoko, she shouldn't have to stand up in her
condition.
Tenchi - Oh...I see.
Ryoko - (sits down) Oh...thank you.
Tenchi - (pulls up a chair and sits beside Ryoko)

(Just at that moment, Mihoshi and Kiyone appear in the living room)

Tenchi - (turns to Kiyone) So...Kiyone, how did your boss take it?
Kiyone - Not very well, I'm afraid. You might have to speak to him for me
Tenchi. I hope it won't be any trouble.
Tenchi - No trouble at all Kiyone.
Mihoshi - (notices that Ryoko, Tenchi and Nobuyuki all have big smiles on 
their
faces) Oh...what are all of you lot smiling at?
Tenchi - Well...er...
Kiyone - God! I think that you need your head examining Mihoshi. Ryoko and
Tenchi are getting married, remember?
Ryoko - Well...we are celebrating for that but...
Nobuyuki - (interrupts) There is another reason aswell.
Ryoko and Tenchi - (face-fault)
Mihoshi - Ooooh, what?
Tenchi - Well...well...erm...Ryoko...er...
Mihoshi - Yes?
Ryoko - (grabs Tenchi hand and smiles at him)
Tenchi - (smiles back)
Nobuyuki - Ryoko's going to have a baby!!!
Tenchi - DAD!!!
Mihoshi - (turns to Ryoko) Really???!!! (grabs Ryoko in a big hug) Oh...I'm 
so
happy for you and Tenchi, Ryoko!!
Ryoko - (starts to turn blue) MIHOSHI!! All right!
Mihoshi - Oh...a little baby!! How sweet!!
Ryoko - (is now turning purple) I...I...can't breathe.
Mihoshi - (let's go of Ryoko and she falls to the floor)
Nobuyuki - (grabs Tenchi in another hug) Tenchi...you've become a man 
finally. I
was so worried at first about you - you're so shy that I never thought that 
you
would ever even get a girlfriend. But now, you have a beautiful bride-to-be 
and
a baby.
Ayeka - And the Jurai throne. You are lucky people Lord Tenchi, Miss Ryoko.
Ryoko - Thank you Ayeka. (turns to Tenchi and whispers something in his ear)
Tenchi - Are you sure?
Ryoko - (nods her head)
Tenchi - Alright then.
Ryoko - (turns to Ayeka) Ayeka, I was wondering whether, when my baby is 
born,
whether you would like to be its godmother?
Ayeka - Well...I...would be delighted to be Miss Ryoko.
Tenchi - (smiles) Thank you Ayeka.
Ayeka - (smiles)


