When Heaven answers...(PART II)

Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic
belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine!
Any legal letters sent to claim money will be filled under "I" for 
important...right in the pail!




	"That's it?" was all Kiyone could sum up.  True, the information provided 
wasn't much, in fact, it was not a whole lot more than what the Lieutenant had 
told her prior to leaving Earth.  The Imperial 
Council, for whatever reason, decided not to disclose a lot of information 
regarding this felon.  Much of the information Kiyone wanted to know was highly 
classified.  The only other things that were made known to 
her was his extensive training in guerilla type combat and he was a skilled 
tactician and he had limited shape shifting abilities.  Regardless, Kiyone was 
not about to question the validity of this case.  Still, a bit 
more info would really help...and how does Washu know of this Vin-Roc?  "It's 
still a few hours before I reach the Nestith Sector, maybe I should take a quick 
nap..." Kiyone popped off to the personal quarters and nodded off for a little 
while.  

	"Tenchi, I'm so sorry about the fair...I know you worked really hard, 
please don't be mad at me..please I just wanted to see 
you...please...wait...don't go...I...I...", Kiyone suddenly woke from her sleep 
with a bit of sweat across her face.  "Oh boy, I need to put this to 
the back of my mind, no matter how I may feel", Kiyone walked to the console on 
the bridge and found out two things.  First, she had arrived at the Nestith 
Sector, and boy was it a dump.  Second, Washus' little upgrade had worked, but 
in the process had burnt itself out and did a bit of damage to the engines. 
"Nothing serious fortunately...computer, begin automatic repairs and get into a 
parking dock"  "Yes Ma'am", the computer responded and parked in the first 
available spaceport.  
	
	The Nestith Sector was where you went to be forgotten about.  It wasn't a 
place to have a family reunion.  Basically, the Nestith Sector was a space 
station, which housed some of the vilest characters, and the occasional quick 
stopper who was simply looking for a five-fingered discount.  "Just what you 
would expect from a piece of trash like the one I'm after...", Kiyone stepped 
off the runway and into customs, which basically was nothing more than a dingy 
office that made sure that everyone was armed and made 
clear of the risk they were taking by entering this station.  One of the 
individuals even handed Kiyone a next of kin form, "Just in case eh?"  "No thank 
you, really", Kiyone responded as she was cleared for entry.  

	Using the information provided, Kiyone made her way to the complex where 
Vin-Roc was sighted staying for the past few months.  His room was on the third 
floor and the landlord had been quite helpful in mentioning which room he was 
in.  "Lousy dreg, he's late on his rent, see if you can shake it out of 
him...<cough>...miserable piker <cough>", was his words as she ascended up to 
the third floor.  The door to his room was not much more than a thin sheet of 
Carbadium which Kiyone had no trouble kicking through, "Freeze, Galaxy Police!" 
was the shout as Kiyone ran in with blaster in hand expecting resistance.  What 
she didn't expect was to find an empty room.and what a mess!  "UGH, what could 
possibly live here?!"  

	There were bottles of what smelled like an alcoholic substance, empty 
cartons of what she wanted to believe was at one time something edible, and what 
appeared to have been a place where a holo-screen should have been, but there 
was only an outline burned into the wall.  There where however two things that 
caught Kiyone's attention.  First, there was an old tattered uniform in the 
corner.  It looked as if it hadn't been used in some time.  (Must have been from 
his days in the military) and the other was a holo-cube. When she touched the 
cube, an image of a young and beautiful woman appeared along with a young girl 
who, by Earth standards, couldn't have been more than two years old.  Kiyone was 
so engrossed in her search of the rest of the items looking for a clue as to the 
suspects' whereabouts; she had no idea that Vin-Roc was sitting right behind 
her.  

*****************************************************************************

	"Grrrr...<hic>...darn stuff wasn't strong enough, I'm almost sober 
already!"  This was true, his metabolism saw to this, for just prior to 
returning to the complex, Vin-Roc had taken enough alcohol to 
stop a large army dead.  As he staggered back to his room, he thought he heard 
something, a slight noise."Bah, must be the rats!"  But then he was proved wrong 
when he got to his door, or rather where his door should have been.  
"Noi`jitat", he swore silently to himself."I've been found 
already...<sniff>...and by a woman?"  He peered inside and found out he was 
right, yes he was found, yes it was a woman, and YES she was a looker all right!  
"Too bad I didn't meet this tasty specimen at the bar...ah and she's a cop 
too...ah man!"  

	Vin-Roc quietly levitated himself over to the table where the holo-screen 
used to be and sat himself quite comfortably and watched this officer do her 
job.  Now it's not that Kiyone wasn't paying 
attention to notice, it's just that he was that silent.  "She was doing a rather 
decent job," he thought, "rather thorough.hope she doesn't hit my stash of dirty 
draws...it might kill her." A smile came across his face 
with the hopes of performing some life saving techniques on her if necessary. 
Well, time to get acquainted with this one.  

	"Ahem", clearing his throat, Vin-Roc had finally made his presence known.  
Without thinking and on instinct, Kiyone turned quickly and fired a shot off in 
his direction, which Vin-Roc dodged effortlessly with a simple tilt of his head.  
(Rookie move)  "How long have you been there!" Kiyone 
demanded. "Long enough to like what I see...now if you're here about those 
docking tickets I already paid them...so please leave"  "I am not a meter maid!"  
"I am First Class Detective Kiyone of the Galaxy Police and..."  
"<Yawn>...didn't I just ask you to leave...damn cops, you're all the same, in 
one ear out the other!"  Vin-Roc answered while looking out the window.  "Sol-
Menhadrin, or should I say Vin-Roc?" Kiyone had her blaster aimed straight at 
him.  "I have been called both and other things as well.I should 
have seen this one coming.the Council set you up to this didn't they.got the GP 
as their gophers eh?"  "I am not a gopher...and you are under arrest!"  "Well, a 
tough cookie are we...well, if you want me...you first have to earn it!"  With 
that Vin-Roc waved two fingers and a small beam from his fingertips scorched the 
carpeting starting a fire.  Completely taken by surprise, Kiyone didn't notice 
Vin-Roc swoop past her, grab his outfit and holocube, give her a quick peck on 
the cheek and was out the window.  "Dammit!" Kiyone plunged out the window after 
him.  

	Halfway down the block, there was an explosion at the complex, the fire 
had spread to a line of fuel for the building and completely leveled the 
complex, which by then was evacuated.  "Oh yeah...TOUCHDOWN CITY!!!"  Vin-Roc 
shouted with joy as this had saved him the trouble of doing it later.  "Stop, 
halt I said...you're under arrest!!"  Kiyone fired one shot after another but 
missed all of them.  Finally, Kiyone managed to chase Vin-Roc into a dead end.  
"Game over, now give yourself up!"  "Oh and just when we were having fun."  "I 
am not kidding...hands up!"  "Or what, you're gun is out of juice.go away 
already...or maybe I can show you a good time later eh?"  "You 
nasty pervert!"  With that Kiyone took several concussion grenades and hurled 
them at Vin-Roc who was actually caught by surprise.  "Ooops, didn't figure she 
would go and do that" The grenades hit their mark and Vin-Roc went down on his 
back, looking up he saw Kiyone over him, cuffs in hand.  "Take me to your 
leader" he replied with a sheepish grin across his face, "nice view" he thought.


	Aboard the Yugami, Kiyone was relieved to see that the repairs were 
completed...although under regular speed it would be about two days before they 
reached HQ, and the long wave radio was shorted out as well.  So there was no 
way of contacting HQ to tell them of her success in capturing one of 
the most dangerous criminals...yet why had it been so easy?  Not that she wasn't 
thankful...but this guy wasn't as tough as they made him out to be, oh well.  "I 
should go check on my 'guest' just to make sure he doesn't try anything".   

	Vin-Roc was being held behind a security field in the prisoner's section 
and seemed bored among many things.  "Can I be honest with you sweetheart...this 
decor sucks!"  "I mean really, I know I'm a prisoner but sheesh, my last place 
was decorated better than this."  "For your information pal" Kiyone spoke with 
authority "This isn't a vacation for you, and the name isn't sweetheart...it's 
Officer Makibi, got it?!"  "Makibi...as in Kiyone Makibi...ah yes I have heard 
of you", "You have?"  "Yes, you are one of the Galaxy Polices' most favored 
officers, I am honored that they assigned you to catch me, and to have been 
captured by you is another honor", with that, Vin-Roc gave a slight bow of 
respect.  "Well, thank you, but flattery will get you nowhere, you're going to 
answer for your crimes".  "Yes, I suppose 
so...but enough about me" He folded his hands together and leaned closer to the 
security field "Let's talk about you, we have a bit of a trip ahead of us yes?"  
"Me? Now wait just a minute here." 

	She began to protest,  "Oh no, I don't mind, so tell me, are you married, 
got a boyfriend, is the sex life treating you well?"  She began to feel 
disgusted "UGH, this has nothing to do about me, you are a wanted criminal, and 
if anyone does the interrogating around here it'll be me!" Kiyone began getting 
hot under the collar "Pardon me on my forwardness...so?" "So what?" She 
demanded,  "Are you involved with anyone, engaged...or dare I say...in love?"  
He shot her a look of boyish curiosity, which she wasn't liking at all.  "Mind 
your business!"  "So what's his name?" He continued to pry "I said mind your 
damn business!" She held a fist at him "I see, you're in denial aren't you, yes 
I can tell, you seem like the type." In a rather 
pondering voice he gave his opinion "Damn you, you don't know a thing about me, 
you're just some wretched little criminal who's going to hang, and when you do 
the universe will cry out 'good riddance'!"  With that she took off for the 
bridge in a storm.  "She'll be back." he thought and assumed a Zen type position 
for some meditation..."now if only I had some tea".

	"Nothing but a criminal...UGH!!!!"  Kiyone slammed her fist on the 
console, which fortunately hit nothing of any importance.  "What does he know 
about me...what does he know about love...arrgghhh!!"  Again slamming the 
console Kiyone heard a clank as something hit the floor.  She picked up the 
holocube she had taken from Vin-Roc earlier.  She touched it again and saw the 
image of the woman and young girl.  But looking closer, she noticed some 
inscription on the bottom of the cube.  It was Alcaronian, which she was not 
familiar with.  "Computer, please translate this text for me."  The console 
scanned the cube and began to hum.  "Processing, please wait a 
moment...translation complete."  The translation was displayed on the screen 
above her and read:  "In loving memory, I pray that you will 
forgive me.  Soon, someday, somehow, someway, we will be together...I swear! I 
love you eternal!"  Kiyone closed the screen and put the cube away, she needed 
some sleep.  She would talk to him later.

	"She must have been very special to you." Kiyone stepped into the prisoner 
room.  Vin-Roc noticed she was holding the holocube in her hands and placed it 
on an adjacent table.  "Oh she was...more to me than any treasure to be had..." 
his words seemed to drift off.  "She was your wife then?"  He nodded agreeingly.  
"And the girl?"  "She...was my daughter...that was some time ago...I had lost 
them both to a war"  "I...I'm sorry...I didn't mean to pry old wounds open..." 
The soldier looked away "...some wounds never do heal" he replied.  "About 
before, I apologize if I was being a bit too nosy." the soldier spoke.  "Well 
you were prying a bit much..." Kiyone agreed.  

	"All right then Vin-Roc, tell you what, let's play Truth...you tell me 
something and I'll tell you something."  "Oh this is interesting...who's first?" 
His mood suddenly changed to a bit more upbeat  "You, I insist"  "All right 
Officer Makibi, ask and I shall tell"  "Please, just call me Kiyone, and my 
question is.the crimes.did you really do them?"  Vin-Roc took a moment to think 
it over, drew in a deep breath and began,   "Well, let's see...treason, not 
really, you see I was set up, my superiors got a bit concerned with the 
influence I was getting with the people and considered me too dangerous to let 
live...so sentence was soon passed on me...murder, it was self defense...either 
him or me, it was one of The imperial Council, he was used as part of the set-
up, his blood ensured the rage of the 
people against me...and grand theft...well, a man's gotta eat, and no one really 
wants a criminal working for them..." The focus now shifted to Kiyone 

	"Now you Kiyone...let's have it"  "Well, all right...there is this 
someone, he's really nice, a bit young but more mature than many of the men I 
knew, he has a caring heart but a bit knieve at times."  "How so?" the soldier 
inquired.  "Well, he has two women who practically throw themselves at him and 
he doesn't know how to tell them how he feels...oh that Aeka and Ryoko, they can 
be such fools sometimes."  "Did you say...Ryoko?"  "Yes, and Princess Aeka...do 
you know them?"  "Ku`futashia." he said while shaking his head.  (Can this 
universe be so cruel) his thoughts were rather obvious to Kiyone.  "Huh?"  
"Oh...I know who Aeka of Jurai is...but Ryoko...can it be...?"  Vin-Roc had a 
look that was nothing short of empty.  "Yes, I knew Ryoko.sometime ago...when I 
was an outlaw...I came across Ryoko and her band. I asked to join up with them 
and we became a feared group who stole to support each other.  

	Life was hard, and at first, I almost couldn't make it...but she wouldn't 
let me lose hope.  In time...we grew close to each other and cared for each 
other very much."  His voice was trailing off "but then the bounty hunters 
came...one of our members ratted us out, told them where we were.  He was 
promised a hefty reward.  Oh he got it, just as they found us, they threw us his 
head to show what they do with traitors...served him right...little rat.  In the 
melee that ensued, the entire base was destroyed, along 
with half the bounty hunters.  I barely escaped...only to see the base go nova.  
I thought I was the only one who survived...thought I would never see Ryoko 
again...but now." (Ryoko, so she did have a heart after all...but I guess with 
so many losses like she had, it was no wonder she was cold most of the time) 
"Well, she's on Earth if you want to go..." He waived a hand at her and wanted 
to change the subject.  

	"So, about this person, have you said anything to him?" Kiyone looked 
bewildered and replied,  "Well of course not...I mean I don't know if I should."  
"One of those complicated situations eh?"  "Yeah something like that.we're 
really good friends and I don't know if he feels the same about me" Vin-Roc 
stood up and looked her in the eye and said,  "If you say nothing, then you will 
know nothing, it's as simple as such.  My dear Kiyone, if you simply go through 
your life afraid to trust your heart rather than 
logic.if you never once take a chance and try going into the deep end of the 
pool, then yes you'll play it safe and you won't have many risks to take.  But, 
you'll never know what you would have lost out on by holding onto your cards.  
Do you understand?" 

	She took all this in  "Yes...but...oh I just wish I knew...", her words 
were cut off when she remembered her prayer.  She wanted to have the knowledge, 
the courage, and if not her, then someone who would give it to her.  Well, her 
wish had just been answered, and by the most unlikely of sources.  "Oh my..." 
she started to stare off into space.  Her attention next turned to her prisoner.  
"I'm...I'm letting you go" His eyebrow arched slightly  "Oh, why is that?"  "I 
have my reasons.besides.I'm going to follow my heart and trust you, you don't 
make a most wanted in my book."  

	Kiyone went to deactivate the filed when Vin-Roc simply shook his head.  
"What, you don't want to go free?" He shook his hand and answered,  "No, no, no, 
no Kiyone my dear, it's just that you need not deactivate the field, here allow 
me."  With a wave of his hands, the field was turned off.  "You mean to tell me 
that..." Kiyone tried to understand the situation  "That I could have left 
anytime I wanted to...yes" he seemed rather sure of himself with this answer.  
"Oh, and if you are wondering, I did let you catch 
me.please don't be too insulted now.  I mean you are good, but..." She could 
tell that he was really that good, and that powerful.  Her face was shocked and 
saddened.  He walked over to her "You didn't fail, in fact you succeeded, I let 
you catch me because I had this feeling you needed someone to talk to...I guess 
you could say an angel told me...if you believe in those things. And I for my 
part, needed someone to talk to as well."  

	He put a hand on her shoulder like a Father consoling a daughter for not 
making some scholastic club, and kissed her on the forehead to let her know that 
it would be all right.  "Just remember what I said, and if you could drop me off 
at the nearest space port I would be grateful."  "Okay.I guess I could tell HQ 
that you escaped when the engine was damaged."  "Honestly Kiyone, The Imperial 
Council didn't expect one Galaxy Police Office to take me in...they just wanted 
to see if they could flush me out 
into the open..."  "And I helped them...oh I'm so sorry"  "No worries, just get 
me to a space port...oh and give them this too please" He reached into his 
pocket and handed her a disk.  "There's a message on there for The Council, see 
that they get it."  "I will, I promise."  The Yugami docked at the spaceport for 
Tildrin and Vin-Roc beamed over holding his only two possessions.  "Now don't 
you be a stranger Detective" His final words left her alone on the Yugami.  
"Good bye Vin-Roc, and thank you."  

	She was soon within range to contact HQ "Kiyone, we are sorry to hear of 
Vin-Roc's escape...but good work anyway, you succeeded where countless other 
bounty hunters have failed...don't worry we'll catch that trash soon enough."  
With that, the screen faded out. "Oh if they only knew him like 
I did..." Kiyone realized how misled she had been, so blinded by duty, she 
forgot to trust her gut instincts.  She put the disk into the teleport chamber 
and set the coordinates for Alcaron.  It would be a day or so, but 
the disk would get to them. "I wonder what was on there...computer, set a course 
for Earth, maximum speed!"  "Yes ma'am."  The Yugami kicked into full speed and 
headed for home.  She had a few things to think about on the way back.  But, no 
matter what, she was more determined to speak her heart and to have the courage 
to say what she felt was right.                       

	"Oh Kiyone you're back!!!" Mihoshi was the first to greet Kiyone when she 
landed the Yugami and made her way back to the Masaki residence.  "KIYONE, 
KIYONE, KIYONE, KIYONE!!!" the blonde officer could barely contain herself 
hugging Kiyone till she felt her lungs might burst.  "EASY 
MIHOSHI!!" Kiyone screamed and Mihoshi let go.  "I'm sorry about taking off 
without you, but it was GP orders to go solo on this mission."  "So.what was 
this secret mission you went on eh Kiyone?"  Ryoko hovered over to Kiyone and 
was very interested in getting the details.  "I'm sorry, but that's classified 
information."  As Kiyone responded to Ryoko, she shot a look at Washu who was 
watching, letting her know to keep her mouth shut about the whole thing.  
Unfortunately, Ryoko too noticed, (So Washu knows 
a bit about what happened, I'll have to ask her later she thought to herself.)  

	"Well anyway, Kiyone it's good that you're back, you had us worried for a 
little while there. Sasami is in the kitchen getting dinner 
ready, let's all wash up before then."  Tenchi suggested and excused himself 
first.  Kiyone also made it a point to apologize for her recent behavior 
claiming it had been some stress from the job.  (I could try talking to him 
after dinner I suppose.if I waited this long." the officer thought to herself.)  

	At dinner, everyone was their usual chattering selves; Aeka and Ryoko were 
the same, trying to get the better of Tenchi.  Mihoshi and Washu were having 
their usual 'intellectual conversations' which usually ended with Washu wanting 
to use a cerebral accelerator to help kick up Mihoshis' IQ to, in her own words 
"Slightly higher than a half baked gopher!"  Kiyone though was so engrossed in 
what she was going to say to Tenchi, she was letting her food get cold.  "What's 
the matter Kiyone?"  Tenchi thoughtfully asked, and in the process everyone else 
had stopped what they were doing to look at the officer who was now blushing 
from all the attention.  "Oh nothing really...heh...great food Sasami!"  "Well 
it would be if you had eaten any of it" Aeka commented which didn't go over too 
well with Kiyone.  After dinner, 
everyone excused themselves.  Sasami went to the kitchen to clean up, Ryo-ohki 
took her usual position on top of her head.  Aeka had gone to watch some soap 
operas with Mihoshi.  Ryoko had opted to get some sake and get hammered.  Washu 
popped off into her lab, still surprised that Kiyone was still alive.  

	Tenchi was about to head to his room when Kiyone spoke, "Tenchi...um...can 
I...talk to you?"  "Sure Kiyone, what's up?"  "Not here, could we go for a 
walk?"  As they were leaving, Ryoko noticed the two leaving 
together, "What are they up to?"  Instead of going after them, Ryoko decided to 
see Washu and find out just what has been going on.  KONCK! KNOCK!  "Come in, oh 
it's you Ryoko...what is it this time?"  "I want to know what Kiyone was up to, 
she's been acting odd lately."  The space pirate loomed over Washu 
wanting some answers.  "Look Ryoko, I don't know what you're talking about, you 
heard her, she hasn't been herself because it had been some stress from her job, 
that's all."  "Don't lie to me, you know damn well what's up...now tell me!"  
"She made me promise not to tell anyone..." before she could finish, Ryoko had 
Washu in the air by her collar.  "If you don't tell me, the universe will be 
short one genius, got it!?"  "Well, since you put it that way...but you might 
not like what you hear...are you sure?"  The space 
pirate nodded and put Washu down.  "All right...sit down...this is something I 
didn't want to tell you."

*****************************************************************************

Well true believers, it looks like the truth is finally going to be heard:

What happens when Ryoko finds out Vin-Roc is still alive?
Does Kiyone finally have the guts to tell Tenchi how she feels?
Will Washu give Mihoshi the intelligence to win a game of Tic-Tac-Toe?
And what of the fate of Vin-Roc, will this man ever get a job?
 
Please email all questions, comments and complaints to yours truly at: 
despairisu@aol.com.
                          
                     
  

