Act 3 Scene 1

(The year is 2004. Tenchi and Ryoko are married and Ryoko is due to have her
baby in a couple of months. Tenchi has accepted Ayeka's offer to take the 
Jurai
throne. This scene starts on the morning that Tenchi and Ryoko are due to 
leave
Earth. They are due to leave in the evening so Tenchi has to go to school in 
the
morning. He is pondering about what to tell his teachers and classmates.)

Tenchi - I'm off to school now!
Nobuyuki - Bye Tenchi!!

(Tenchi starts to walk to the bus stop. Ryoko is floating alongside him.)

Tenchi - Ryoko, you shouldn't do that round here. I'm nearly near the 
bus-stop,
I don't want anyone to see you flying like that.
Ryoko - Well Tenchi, you've got to give some reason for why you're never 
going
to school again. Why not give the true reason?
Tenchi - Well...because they'll think I'm insane.
Ryoko - Well...that is why I am coming to school with you. You'll need proof 
of
what you say.
Tenchi - I guess.

(Tenchi and Ryoko both climb aboard the bus. All of Tenchi's mates start to 
pat
him on the back. Four of his really good mates start talking to him. Their 
names are Megami, Tenkou, Marusu and Tentei.)

Tentei - So Tenchi...we all play sports in the summer holidays but no...you 
go
one better and marry a girl and get her pregnant!!
Tenkou - (shoves Peter with her elbow in his ribs)
Tentei - Owww!!!
Tenkou - Just ignore him Tenchi. (turns to Ryoko) I'm very happy for you 
Ryoko.
Ryoko - Thank you.
Megami - So Tenchi...what are you going to do now that you are married?
Marusu - (puts his arms around Megami) You going to cart her off to some 
fancy
country??
Tenchi - (smiles) Er...
Ryoko - Maybe, maybe not.
Tenchi - (looks at Ryoko gratefully)
Megami - You two are so mysterious. You're going to have to reveal more at
school. I won't leave you alone till you do.
Tenchi - (smiles) Alright.
Marusu - There's one thing that I want to know. Ryoko, why don't I ever see 
you
at school?
Tenkou - Well...I know the reason!!
Tenchi - (gulps) You do?
Tenkou - Yep. You've chosen yourself a wild girl, haven't you Tenchi? You 
wicked
boy!! (gives him a friendly push)
Tenchi - (smiles) You got me there!!
All - (laugh)

(15 minutes later, all of the pupils arrive at the school)

Megami - I've got Japanese first. What have you guys all got?
Marusu - (wraps his arms around Megami) I've got Japanese aswell.
Megami - (looks at Marusu) I'm not going to be able to get rid of you, am I?
Marusu - (laughs) Well...let me think about that one. How's this for an
answer...no!!
Megami - (laughs)
Tenkou - Well...I've got Biology.
Tentei - So have I.
Tenchi - Me too.
Ryoko - Well...I've got nothing because I'm not staying (whispers in 
Tenchi's
ear) I'll come back at lunchtime. You just try and get all the students and
teachers into the hall. Then, we can make our announcement.

(Suddenly, the head-teacher's voice rings out throughout the yard)

Head-teacher - There will be a special assembly before first lesson this
morning. This assembly is for Tenchi Masaki and his new bride Ryoko Masaki. 
I
want all students and teachers to be present. That is an order!!
Ryoko - (looks at Tenchi) I guess I won't have to meet you later Tenchi!!
Tenchi - (gulps) I guess you won't.

(The bell sounds and everyone piles into the school)

Tenchi - (whispers in Ryoko's ear) I'm just glad that everyone and home gave 
me
permission to delve out this information. This will change their lives 
aswell as
ours.
Ryoko - I know.
Megami - You two are too mysterious. You're creeping me out. (laughs)

(15 minutes later, everyone is in the hall. The head-teacher, a Mr. 
Genasiki,
walks up onto the stage.)

Mr. Genasiki - Today, this assembly honours one of our good students. Tenchi
Masaki aged 20, has taken two of the steps on a road to happiness. He has
married and his wife, also one of the students here, is expecting a baby in 
the
next couple of months.
Tentei - (calls out) Way to go Tenchi!!!
Mr. Genasiki - Yes, well thank you. Anyway, would the couple please like to 
come
up on the stage. I've heard that you would like to make an announcement to 
the
entire school.

(Tenchi and Ryoko both walk up the steps onto the stage. Mr. Genasiki hands
Tenchi a microphone so that all of the students can hear what he is saying)

Tenchi - Well... most of you know me as Tenchi Masaki, a normal 20 yr. old 
boy
at school. However, those of you who know me really well know that for the 
past
3 years, I have been living with 6 girls, one of who I eventually married.
Now...what you are about to hear is true. I am not making this story up. 
Some of
you will think that I am mad but... it is true. My biggest announcement 
first of
all is that this will be my last day at school. I am leaving this evening...
Tentei - You what??
Tenchi - I am leaving this evening. I am not taking my bride to another 
country,
rather another planet.
Tenkou - What is he on about??
Tenchi - Please listen to me, I'm not going mad, this is the truth. You see, 
I
am not like all of you. I am not just normal Tenchi Masaki, I am actually 
Prince
Tenchi, soon to be King Tenchi of the Planet Jurai.
Mr. Genasiki - Are you making fun of this assembly Mr. Masaki?
Tenchi - No, I assure you sir, I am not. Now please, if I may not have 
anymore
interruptions I will try to explain it as best as I can.
Mr. Genasiki - (nods his head)
Tenchi - Anyway, I will firstly explain how all of these girls came to me 
and
then explain a bit about each one. Firstly, Ayeka and Sasami. They are both
princesses from the Planet Jurai. Ayeka has amazing Jurai power. Ayeka came 
to
me after she heard a distress call from Mihoshi. Sasami came to me when she
followed her sister. Mihoshi is from the Galaxy Police, rather like our 
police
but it patrols the whole Galaxy and many others. She came to me after she 
chased
Ryoko down to Earth. At that time, Ryoko was a criminal, wanted throughout 
the
galaxy. Mihoshi was sent to capture her but immediately forgot about her 
mission
as soon as she landed on Earth. Kiyone is Mihoshi's partner in the Galaxy
Police. She came here after she was sent to find Mihoshi.
Tentei - What about that cute red-headed little girl?
Tenchi - Washu? Well, to cut a long story short, she is not actually 12 
years
old. She is 20,000 years old and a goddess.
Tenkou - A goddess?
Tenchi - Yeah, a goddess. That is why she can appear whatever age she wants. 
She
is also the greatest scientific genius in the universe and has transformed 
the
broom closet in my house into a lab. She is also Ryoko's mother.
Megami - She's Ryoko's mum?
Tenchi - Yep. Isn't that true Ryoko?
Ryoko - (nods her head) Sadly.
Marusu - What about Ryoko then. Tell us about her.
Tenchi - Well...Ryoko, as I said is Washu's daughter. She is not her 
biological
mother though. However, Ryoko has goddess powers just like Washu. The gems 
that
you see on her neck and her wrists contain her powers. She used a be a 
space-
pirate but she isn't one anymore. And as for Ryo-Ohki...
Tenkou - Oh...that cute little creature?
Tenchi - Yes, Ryo-Ohki is a cabbit, that's a cross between a rabbit and a 
cat.
She is capable of transforming into a space-ship whenever we need to get
anywhere. She is also capable of transforming into a humanoid form that can 
be
of any age.
Mr. Genasiki - Well, Mr. Masaki, is there anything else you would like to 
tell
us?
Tenchi - Well yes actually, there are a few more things sir. I haven't yet
explained why I am heir to the Jurai throne. Well, because my grandfather 
was
heir to throne. My grandfather's real name is Yosho Jurai, not Katsuhito 
Masaki.
He came to Earth to fight Ryoko and won. He decided to stay on Earth and 
give up
the Jurai throne. He was due to marry Ayeka but gave that up aswell. The 
form
that he is now in is his shadow form. He has a younger form underneath. That 
is
his true form. Also, when I was away for a long time, a couple of years ago, 
it
was regarded as an excused absence. I was actually in space, fighting a 
pretend
Yosho that had taken the Jurai throne. Well...I think that's about i-t...

(Suddenly, a door appeared beside Tenchi. Washu, Ayeka, Nobuyuki, Sasami, 
Ryo-
Ohki, Yosho, Kiyone and Mihoshi all walk through it)

Washu - We thought that we should give you some back up help Tenchi. It will
make your story more believable if people see what you are talking about.
Tenchi - Thanks Washu. I don't think that anyone believes me anyway.
Washu - Well, let's prove what you are saying is true. (turns to Ryoko) 
Ryoko,
would you like to go first?
Ryoko - Sure thing Washu.
Washu - Hmmm?
Ryoko - MOM!
Megami - Does anyone know what is going on?
Marusu - How...did they get here?
Tentei - Is that Washu? She's all grown-up!
Tenkou - And Ryo-Ohki isn't a...cabbit anymore!
Ryoko - I will show you that I am really a demon and a space-pirate. Watch! 
(she
rises up into the air)
Tenkou - She's flying!!!
Ryoko - (creates an energy ball in her hand. She squeezes it and forms an 
energy
sword) Is that enough proof MOM?
Washu - (nods her head)
All the students - (gasp)
Mr. Genasiki - What on earth is going on?
Washu - Now, it's your turn grandfather.
Yosho - (removes his shadow 'old man' form and reveals his true form)
Tentei - God!! He's...I...not...
Washu - Ayeka...
Ayeka - Alright Miss Washu...(she lifts her hair up that covers her forehead 
and
reveals her tiara. It starts to glow. Suddenly, she is transformed into her
Jurai battle gear. She forms a shield and then starts to dart around the 
hall at
lightning fast speed. 2 minutes later, she returns to the stage.)
Tentei - Oh my god!! This is very strange!!
Tenkou - I'll say.
Washu - Kiyone, Mihoshi, can you please hold out your I.Ds?
Kiyone - Certainly Washu. (she holds up her I.D as does Mihoshi)
Washu - Now, can you take out your cubes and transform into your Galaxy 
Police
Uniforms?
Mihoshi - Sure can Washu...oh, now where did I put it?
Kiyone - I've got it Mihoshi, I knew that you'd lose it.
Mihoshi - Oh, thank you Kiyone (they both turn their cubes and transform 
into
their uniforms)
Marusu - I can't believe what I'm seeing here. Someone pinch me...owww!!
Megami - (smiles) Well, you did ask for someone to pinch you!
Washu - Right now, I guess that leaves me and Tenchi. I'll go first Tenchi, 
if
you don't mind?
Tenchi - Not at all Washu.
Washu - Thank you Tenchi (she transforms from her adult form to her proper
goddess form) Right let's see, what should I do for an encore??
Tenchi - I think they see that you are a goddess, Washu.
Washu - (looks at everyone who all have their mouths open) I guess they
do...(she goes back to her normal adult form) Now...it's your turn Tenchi. 
Show
them the power that will soon make you King of Jurai.
Tenchi - (blushes) Alright...but I haven't used it since the Dr. Clay 
incident.
Washu - Do it!
Tenchi - Alright! (He transforms into his Jurai battle gear also)
Megami - What's Tenchi doing?
Marusu - All the time that we've known him and he's never told us any of 
this.
Tenchi - Right here goes...(he suddenly starts to glow. 3 light hawk wings
project out of him.)
Tenkou - Wow!!! He really isn't just normal Tenchi Masaki!!
Tenchi - (puts his hands up and the wings go over him. He is now in his 
proper
battle gear. He holds a sword in his right hand. Suddenly, he transforms the
sword into a shield and back again.) Grandfather, would you care to spar 
with
me?
Yosho - Alright Tenchi.
Tenchi - (passes Yosho sword Tenchi-ken. They start to spar and everyone 
gasps
as they look at how fast Tenchi and his grandfather move. They are also 
expert
swordsman and seem equally matched.) Right grandfather, I think that they've 
had
enough proof.
Yosho - I guess they have (he transforms back into his 'old man' form again)
Tenchi - (transforms out of his battle gear and back into his school 
uniform)
Washu - Right Tenchi, we hope that we were of some help. We'll go now and 
see
you at home later. Don't be too late, Ryo-Ohki won't wait forever to take 
you
back to Jurai (she disappears through the door along with Nobuyuki, 
Ryo-Ohki,
Sasami, Ayeka, Mihoshi and Kiyone.)
Tenchi - (faces everyone in the hall. They are all completely speechless)
Well...erm...you've heard the whole story...
Ryoko - (grabs Tenchi and pulls him up into the air) It's much more 
comfortable
up in the air Tenchi. Now, please continue.
Tenchi - Well, I don't know really what else to say. And they don't appear 
to be
saying much either.

(Suddenly, the hall turned from deadly silence to loud rumbles of chatter. 
Some
students had their hands up, obviously wanting to ask Tenchi questions.)

Tenchi - Ok (points to a small kid in the front row)
Kid - Are they dangerous??
Tenchi - (smiles) No...they are powerful but they aren't dangerous. If they
were, I wouldn't be here, would I?
Kid - (breathes a sigh of relief)
Tenchi - (points to Tentei)
Tentei - Are any of the girls single? Owwww! (Tenkou shoves him in the ribs)
Tenchi - (laughs) Well...all of them apart from Ryoko but I doubt that 
they'd go
out with you Tentei!!
Tentei - Damn!! Owww!! (Tenkou shoves him in the ribs again)
Tenchi - (points to Marusu)
Marusu - Do you think that any of them would go out with me...oww! (Megami 
pushes him onto the floor)
Tenchi - Hmmmm, I'll have to get back to you on that one Marusu!!
Mr. Genasiki - Well...Mr. Masaki, I would never have guessed that you could 
be
the King of another planet. I guess that we should all call you, your 
highness
now.
Tenchi - Oh...no thanks sir. I prefer to just be called Tenchi. I get called
'your highness' and 'Prince Tenchi' enough on Jurai as it is.
Everyone - (laughs)

(Suddenly, the bell rings. Everyone piles out of the hall. The assembly was 
so
long that it took over the first lesson. So...everyone went to their second
lesson. Tenkou, Megami, Marusu, Tentei and Tenchi all had Maths. Ryoko did 
also and
she decided to stay at school for the rest of the day. All of them had Maths 
in
the same classroom. All of the class is soon sat down at their desks. Ryoko 
is
sat at the desk next to Tenchi, Megami is sat on the other side of Tenchi, 
Marusu is sat in front of Megami, Tentei is sat next to Marusu and Tenkou is 
sat next to Tentei. The teacher of the class is a Mrs. Fendikisa)

Ryoko - (holds Tenchi's hand and smiles at him)
Tenchi - (smiles back)
Mrs. Fendikisa - Mr and Mrs Masaki! I know that you are soon leaving the 
school
but that gives you no excuse to not pay attention to your last few lessons 
at
school. Now, PAY ATTENTION!!
Ryoko - (whispers to Tenchi) I should ask Washu to come here. She could 
teach
her a thing or two about Maths.
Tenchi - (smiles) Why don't you?
Ryoko - Tenchi, why don't you ask her. Remember, you have my powers now.
Tenchi - Oh yeah, ok. (closes his eyes and concentrates on talking to 
Washu.)
Mrs. Fendikisa - Well Mr Masaki, will you be joining us any time today?
Tenchi - (opens his eyes) Excuse me miss but I will just need silence for a 
few
moments. I just need to talk to someone...then I will give my full attention 
to
the lesson.
Mrs. Fendikisa - (reluctantly nods)
Tenchi - (closes his eyes again) <Washu, can you hear me?>
Washu - <Yes I can Tenchi. So...how did your assembly go at school?>
Ryoko - (joins the conversation) <Well...everyone was slightly shocked, 
weren't
they Tenchi?>
Tenchi - <Yeah, but I reckon that they believe us now. Washu, I need to ask 
a
favour of you.>
Washu - <Yes Tenchi?>
Tenchi - <Well, we are having a Maths lesson at the moment and I was
wondering...>
Washu - <Whether the greatest scientific genius in the universe could come 
and
take your lesson?>
Tenchi - <Well, yes.>
Washu - <No problem Tenchi, I'll be there in two seconds.>
Tenchi - <Thank you Washu.> (he closed his telepathic link and opened his 
eyes.)
Mrs. Fendikisa - Well Mr. Masaki, that was an interesting conversation. Your
lips didn't even move once. Well, now that that is done could you all turn 
to
page 124 in the text book...

(Suddenly, a doorway appeared at the side of Mrs. Fendikisa. Washu stepped 
out
of it.)

Tentei - Hey, it's Washu!!
Washu - (smiles and looks at Mrs. Fendikisa) I hope that you don't mind but 
I am
here to take over the lesson for today. It is only right that me - the 
greatest
scientific genius in the universe, should take a lesson with my daughter and 
her
husband in it, don't you agree? (looks at Tenchi) I told you that I'd only 
be a
couple of seconds Tenchi!!
Tenchi - (smiles) Thanks for coming so quickly Washu.
Washu - My pleasure Tenchi. Now then...(looks at the textbook on Tenchi's 
desk)
Ah...you are still learning Quadratics?! That is so simple!
Mrs. Fendikisa - Excuse me but how did you know that Mr. Masaki was in this
classroom?
Washu - Simple, he spoke to me only a couple of minutes ago.
Mrs. Fendikisa - But...how?
Washu - Oh...you people have to learn now that when you deal with Tenchi or 
any
of the girls...you have to except the unexpected. He spoke to me via 
telepathy.
Tenkou - He what?
Washu - He spoke to me by using his mind. It's a power Tenchi, Ryoko and me 
all
have. It's very useful.
Marusu - So...you can just talk to each other in your head and no-one else 
can
hear you?
Washu - That's basically it, yes. Now...(throws the textbook out of the 
window)
let's scrap that and try something new...

(1 hour later, everyone piles out of the classroom, a little more than 
slightly
confused.)

Tenkou - (taps Tenchi on the shoulder) What on Earth was Washu on about?
Tenchi - (smiles) To be honest, I haven't a clue either but...imagine living
with her for the past 3 years. We all get that everyday!
Marusu - You poor guy!
Megami - (laughs) I suppose it is useful, I bet you'll ace Maths and Science 
if
you need to use it Tenchi!!
Tentei - (laughs)
Megami - (face turns serious) So...are you really leaving then?
Tenchi - Yeah...I'll miss you guys but...you can always come to Jurai to 
visit
anytime you want.
Marusu - Really?
Tenchi - Yeah, we can send down Ryo-Ohki to pick you up. Its a few hours 
away
but Ryo-Ohki is very fast, isn't she Ryoko?
Ryoko - Yeah, but she's faster when I steer her so I'll come down aswell.
Tenkou - That would be really good, oh...I'm excited now!!
Tenchi - (smiles) Come on...let's get to the lunch hall before there's no 
seats
left!!

(They all rush down to the lunch hall and grab the last table with 6 seats 
on
it.)

Tentei - Yeah!! We got the last table!!
Tenchi - (laughs)
Tenkou - So...whose turn is it to get lunch today??
Ryoko - I'll do it.
Tenkou - You will?
Ryoko - Sure. Tenchi, what do you want?
Tenchi - Well...I could go for a cheeseburger and chips.
Marusu - That sounds good to me.
Tentei - Me too.
Ryoko - Alright, 3 cheeseburgers and chips coming up (suddenly, three plates
with cheeseburgers and chips on them appear on the table) There you go.

(Everyone sits there with their mouths open, including Tenchi)

Tenchi - I didn't know that you could do that Ryoko!
Ryoko - Where do you think that the onsen came from Tenchi? I created it! 
It's
another one of my powers which you should also have.
Marusu - Cool!!
Ryoko - So...Tenkou, Megami, what do you two want?
Tenkou - I'll have a vegetable burger and rice, please Ryoko.
Megami - So will I.
Ryoko - Alright...2 vegetable burgers and rice coming up (they appear on the
table)
Tenchi - What are you going to have Ryoko?
Ryoko - Wait a minute Tenchi...(suddenly, Ryoko's dinner appears on the 
table) I
asked Washu to send me some of Sasami's cooking. I'm going to miss that when 
we
leave.
Tenchi - (laughs and smiles)

(Everyone quickly finishes their lunch.)

Tenkou - Well...I've got Food Technology next. I'm glad that this is the 
last
lesson of the day. I'm shattered already. There's been too much excitement
today!
Megami - Well...I've got Food Tech aswell.
Marusu - I've got Metalwork.
Tentei - I've got Metalwork aswell.
Tenchi - Well...me and Ryoko both have graphics. So...I guess this is 
goodbye
for a bit you guys.
Ryoko - Wait a minute, why don't they come and say goodbye to us when we 
leave
tonight. They can come and wave us off!
Megami - Oh yeah!! We can say a proper goodbye then!!
Tenchi - That's a great idea Ryoko!! We'll meet you guys outside the 
Technology
block at the end of the afternoon.
All - Alright!

(They all go to their lessons. Ryoko and Tenchi grab tables next to each 
other.
The desks were single seated ones but Ryoko and Tenchi pushed theirs 
together so
that they could be sat next to each other properly. Their teacher, Miss
Bewashiaski, didn't seem to mind in the least - either that or she wasn't
looking!)

Miss Bewashiaski - Now class, today we are going to finish off our packaging
project using 3 point perspective drawings. Now, get out your equipment and 
we
can begin...
Ryoko - <I'm bored already Tenchi>
Tenchi - (smiles) <Me too. I'm still glad that we can talk to each other 
like
this and not get told off.>
Ryoko - (smiles) <Me too.>
Tenchi - <So, did you finish all your packing this morning?>
Ryoko - <Yeah...I'm a bit sad about leaving but then I keep thinking about
spending the rest of my life with you and I come over all tingling.>
Tenchi - (smile widens) <I know how you feel Ryoko. I'm just glad that dad 
and
grandpa are coming with us. I don't know whether I'd be able to cope with 
dad's
comments but I think I'd miss him if he wasn't there!>
Ryoko - <Yeah. I'm surprised that Ayeka and Sasami decided to stay here on
Earth. I would have thought that they would have wanted to go home and see 
their
parents.>
Tenchi - <Me too. I have to be prepared to meet Azusa again. I don't think 
that
he likes me very much.>
Ryoko - <Well, he's going to have to make an effort seeing as you are taking
over from him. I know that Misaki will be pleased to see you...(has a sudden
flashback) I think that I might try to avoid her. Last time I saw her...I 
think
that I nearly got brain-damage from the amount of times she smashed me into 
the
wall!>
Tenchi - (laughs) <Yeah...I remember that, and she thought that you were
Sasami!! (smiles) Well...I think that Funaho will be pleased to see me, 
seeing
as she is grandpa's mother.>
Ryoko - <She's also a lot less eccentric than Misaki. I wonder how Ayeka 
managed
to avoid being like her.>
Tenchi - (smiles) <Yeah.>

(Soon, the afternoon lessons finish and everyone meets outside the 
Technology
block as planned.)

Megami - (sees Tenchi and Ryoko) Hi guys!!
Tenchi - (waves) Come on then...are we all here?
Marusu - Yep.
Ryoko - Let's go then. Do you want to take the air or the teleport express?
Tenkou - (smiles) The teleport express I think.
Megami - All round.
Ryoko - Alright (holds onto Megami and Tenkou's hands)
Tenchi - (grabs hold of Marusu and Tentei's hands)

(They all disappear and reappear outside the Masaki household)

Marusu - Woah! That was cool!!
Ryoko - (smiles) Come on Tenchi...we need to tell the others we are here!
Tenkou - Can we come with you?
Tenchi - Sure!

(They all rush into the house.)

Tenchi - Let's go get Washu first!
Ryoko - Good idea. (she opens the broom closet door and everyone walks in)
Megami - (gasps as she looks around what used to be the broom closet) Woah!!
Tentei - This is some lab!
Washu - (hears them all come in and smiles) Ah...you're back Tenchi. Are you
ready to go?
Tenchi - We need to find everyone else Washu to tell them that we are ready 
to
leave.
Washu - Well...I think that everyone is outside already, waiting for you.
Tenchi - Oh right...I guess we should be getting outside then.

(2 minutes later, everyone is outside and Megami, Tenkou, Tentei and Marusu 
are
saying their final goodbyes.

Megami - I'm going to miss you Tenchi (hugs him) You too Ryoko (hugs her)
Tenchi - I'm going to miss all of you guys too. But remember...you can visit
Jurai anytime you want. Just shout out that you want to see me...Washu will 
hear
you and she can tell Ryoko to come down and get you.
Tentei - Alright Tenchi...I hope that you, Ryoko and (pats Ryoko's stomach) 
this
little one all have a happy life on Jurai.
Washu - Ryo-Ohki?
Ryo-Ohki - (appears) Meow?
Washu - Transform into your space-ship form please.
Ryo-Ohki - Meow! (she jumped up into the air and spread out into her 
space-ship
form. 30 seconds later, she was ready to be boarded.)
Tenkou - Wow! I wish that my budgie could do that!!
Washu - (smiles) Alright, are you all ready to board?
Ryoko - (turns to Ayeka and Sasami) Are you sure that you won't join us?
Ayeka - (smiles) I'm sure Ryoko, but I will be there when you're baby is 
born.
However, I have grown to like Earth so I wish to stay here.
Tenchi - (smiles) Alright, come on then, let's all get on.

(Tenchi, Ryoko, Nobuyuki, Yosho, Kiyone, Mihoshi and Washu all climb aboard 
Ryo-
Ohki. Just before the door shuts, Tenchi waves goodbye.)

Tenkou - See you Tenchi!! (waves)

(Ryo-Ohki rises up into the air and disappears into the sky.)

Ryoko - If we continue at the current speed Tenchi, we should be at Jurai in 
an
hour and a half.
Tenchi - Good. (turns to Kiyone and Mihoshi) You know, when I become the 
King of
Jurai, I was thinking about creating a new section to the Galaxy Police. The
Royal Family Galaxy Police Guards or R.F.G.P.G for short. It would even 
outrank
your boss so it would be a big promotion. So, I was wondering whether you 
would
consider being the first two to take the positions?
Kiyone - Did you say promotion Tenchi?
Tenchi - Yeah...I did.
Kiyone - YES!!!! I will take it Tenchi! I...can't believe it!!! Oh yes!!
Mihoshi - (laughs) Oh, this is great!!!
Tenchi - I'll take that as a yes then?
Kiyone and Mihoshi - DEFINATLEY!!
Ryoko - (smiles)

(An hour and a half later, the gang arrives on Jurai. Ryo-Ohki lands on the
landing pad and everyone steps out. Ryo-Ohki then changes back to her cabbit
form. The gang are led to the Jurai Royal Palace and are met by Azusa, 
Misaki
and Funaho.)

Azusa - I see you are here Tenchi (looks at Ryoko) and you aswell Ryoko.
Tenchi - Yes...we are sir. I am here to take the Jurai throne.
Funaho - You will make a great King Tenchi, I am sure of it. (looks at 
Yosho)
Ah...Yosho, I see you have chosen to stay in your original form. Well...at 
the
least you haven't waited another 700 hundred years to see me again.
Yosho - Well...I...er...
Misaki - (looks at Tenchi and grabs him in a big hug) Oh...Tenchi!!
Tenchi - (face-faults)
Azusa - (coughs) Come on...I will take you to the coronation room. The 
ceremony
will start shortly.

(Everyone follows Azusa to the coronation room. He leads Tenchi and Ryoko to 
a
room at the back of the coronation room and tells the others to take a seat 
in
the coronation room.)

Azusa - Now Tenchi...(points to some gowns behind Tenchi) Those are yours 
and
Ryoko's royal robes. You must take great care with them. Underneath the 
robes
are your official King and Queen clothes. You must wear these underneath 
your
robes.
Tenchi - Understood.
Azusa - (points to a shelf above the clothes.) On that shelf are your 
crowns.
You must wear them whilst you are in the palace but you do not have to wear 
them
if you ever go outside. However, it is only proper that you wear your royal
clothes at all times. In your bedroom, you will find many more royal 
outfits.
Tenchi - Alright.
Azusa - Now...when the music starts, you, Ryoko walk through this door. You 
will
be crowned first. You kneel before the person who is going to crown you. 
When
the crown is on your head, you go and sit on your throne which is the one on 
the
far right.
Ryoko - I understand.
Azusa - Tenchi, when Ryoko has been crowned, you go through the door and 
follow
the same procedure as Ryoko did.
Tenchi - (smiles) Alright.
Azusa - I will leave you now to get ready.

(Azusa leaves the room)

Ryoko - He seems a bit nicer towards you.
Tenchi - Which is what I am worried about.

(Azusa joins the rest of the gang and sits in between his two wives.)

Funaho - Are Tenchi and Ryoko getting ready?
Azusa - Yes.
Misaki - Oh...sister, I am so excited about this.
Funaho - Yes...moving out of the palace will seem strange, however I am 
prepared
to move to that lovely mansion on the other side of Jurai, aren't you dear?
Azusa - (grits his teeth) No, not really.
Funaho - Now, I know that Tenchi is not really your favourite person but 
Ayeka
wanted to stay on Earth, he did not force her. He is your great-grandson 
Azusa,
Yosho's grandson.
Azusa - Then, if he is Yosho's grandson, he is more than likely to be like
Yosho.
Funaho - Yosho is like you, stubborn.
Azusa - Er...
Funaho - He takes after you, you shouldn't stay mad at him.
Azusa - But...
Misaki - Sister is right, Yosho is here now, you should let this lie.
Azusa - But he gave up the Jurai throne.
Funaho - Well...it wasn't exactly all his own choice. You have to admit that
there was prejudice on Jurai at that time. It was only natural that he 
wanted to
leave that.
Azusa - People from Earth...
Funaho - What? Don't forget that I am from Earth aswell.
Azusa - But...you are different!
Funaho - In what way? Yosho and Tenchi are also from Earth aswell. If I am
different then they must also be different.
Azusa - But...

(Suddenly, the music starts. Ryoko walks through the door dressed in her 
royal
clothes and robe.)

Washu - She looks very beautiful in that, almost as cute as her mom!

(Ryoko continued to walk and then reached the man holding her crown. She 
knelt
before him.)

Man - I now crown you Empress of Jurai.

(Ryoko got up and walked to her throne and sat on it. Then, Tenchi came out 
of
the room in his royal robe and clothes. He followed the same procedure as 
Ryoko
and was soon sat on his throne.)

Man - Now, the previous Emperor Azusa will pass the new Emperor the sceptre.

(Azusa got up and grudgingly passed Tenchi the sceptre. As he sat down, 
Funaho
nudged him.)

Azusa - What?
Funaho - (shook her head)
Azusa - I know.

(Soon, the celebrations were over and everyone began to depart from the
coronation room to the hall.)

Yosho - So...I see that you have finished re-decorating the hall, mother. It
looks wonderful.

(The hall was royal blue and white with chandeliers hanging from the 
ceiling.
The floor was made of wood from a royal space-tree. The floor was covered 
with
buffet tables filled with many kinds of food.)

Funaho - (faces the guests) The Emperor has arrived, let the feast begin.

(There was a table at the far end of the hall. It had 10 seats at it. The 
gang
proceeded to the table and sat at it.)

Mihoshi - (picked up one of the plates) Oh...isn't the cutlery fancy here
Kiyone?
Kiyone - MIHOSHI! Put that back down on the table, you'll drop it!!
Tenchi - (smiled)

