Script of my Tenchi film.

Disclaimer :- I do not own Tenchi and the other characters in my Tenchi 
film.
They all belong to AIC and Pioneer. I am just using these characters for my
story. Please don't sue me - I don't have any money. I could nick some from 
my
dad's wallet but I don't think that there would be enough in there. I'm not 
old
enough to make that kind of money anyway so...please don't sue me!

Author's note - This will be my third attempt at fanfiction so I am still
relatively a newcomer to this. So...I apologise in advance if you don't 
enjoy my
story. Please send any comments, good or bad, to
ryoko_and_tenchi_4eva@hotmail.com or leave a message in my guestbook on my
website http://spacepirateryoko.cjb.net Thank u!

Author's note 2 - I'm back again! Sorry but I just thought that I'd give you 
a
bit of background information into the story before you get confused. This 
story
is a mixture of Tenchi Muyo and Tenchi Universe. That is why Washu is 
Ryoko's
mum but Ryoko was injured by Kagato before she took Tenchi to rescue Ayeka.
There are also a few bits of the story that don't line up with the universe 
or
the Muyo series (e.g. Ayeka still doesn't know that Katsuhito is Yosho in
disguise.) Also, there are a few new characters that I have introduced that 
are
my own. So...now that that's all cleared up, onward to the story.


Act 1 Scene 1 : (starts with Tenchi waking up in his bedroom.)
(The sun is shining through Tenchi's open window.)

Tenchi - (squints as the sun shines on his face) Oh, just 5 more minutes!
(pulls the covers over his head.) Just 5 more minutes and I'll get up, I
promise.
Ryoko (she has been hovering over his bed all night watching Tenchi sleep)
Come on Tenchi, time to wake up. (she floats down and sits on Tenchi's
bed) Tenchi! Time to get up and have some fun! (smiles slyly.)
Tenchi - (looks at Ryoko and smiles back) I'm too tired Ryoko, not today ok?
Ryoko - (pouts) But Tenchi.
Tenchi - But nothing Ryoko, I'm shattered. Please let me sleep.
Ryoko - (smiles a wicked smile)
Tenchi - Ryoko??
(Ryoko grabs onto Tenchi and teleports him  to the floating onsen above
the lake.)
Tenchi - Ryoko. Please, I just want to go to sleep. I didn't sleep very well
last night.
Ryoko - Why was that my Tenchi?
Tenchi - Well, perhaps it could have been from all that Sake you gave me
last night and Ryoko.?
Ryoko - Yes Tenchi??
Tenchi - Could you please stop saying that I'm yours. I don't belong to any
of you girls.
Ryoko - But you have to choose one of us soon. It's not fair Tenchi
(teleports herself next to Tenchi's face) It's not fair.
(Tenchi backs away from Ryoko with his face bright red and his nose
bleeding.)
Ryoko - Anyway Tenchi, I promised you that I would take you on a journey
with me. I'm not breaking that promise to myself - not for anyone.
Tenchi - I know. I just...I just...need more time.
Ryoko - (whispers in Tenchi's ear) I can wait, I could wait forever for you.
(Tenchi turns bright red again and Ryoko disappears.)

(Meanwhile, at the Masaki house, Sasami is busy preparing breakfast for the
others. However, only Ayeka and Kiyone seem to be awake.)

Sasami - It's nearly ready - another 5 minutes and it will be done.
Kiyone - (rubs her growling stomach) I'm starving - Mihoshi forgot to pack
us lunch on our last assignment - surprise, surprise.
Ayeka - Miss Kiyone, you cannot rely on Miss Mihoshi to get anything right.
If she says that she's done something, she obviously hasn't.
Kiyone - I know. She makes me so angry!!!
Ayeka - You have my deepest sympathies Miss Kiyone.
Kiyone - Thank you.
Sasami - It's ready!!!
(Sasami, Kiyone and Ayeka all sit around the table ready to eat.)
Sasami - Well (looks at the clock on the wall) where are the others??
Ayeka - We simply cannot eat without them - it would not be good
manners.
Kiyone - I'll go and see if I can possibly wake Mihoshi up. I'll go and get
father and grand-father aswell.
Sasami - And I'll go and see whether Washu would like anything to eat. I'll
go and see whether Tenchi is awake aswell.
Kiyone - That leaves Ryoko.
Ayeka - Oh, that lazy good for nothing. We should just leave her. She
should only be allowed to eat if she pulls her weight around the house.
Sasami - Ayeka...
Ayeka - (looks at Sasami) Alright, I'll go and find her.

(they all leave the table and venture out to look for the others. Meanwhile,
Tenchi is having a bath in the onsen and can hear Ryoko humming to
herself in the bath for the ladies next door.)

Tenchi - Ryoko?
Ryoko - Yes Tenchi?
Tenchi - What do you think that each girl would do if I told them that I
hadn't chosen them?
Ryoko - Well...erm...I guess that Kiyone and Mihoshi wouldn't be that
bothered. However...I reckon that Ayeka would either leave forever, blow
her top, cry and scream or hide in her room and never come out.
Tenchi - Either way, I won't get a good reaction from her?
Ryoko - No. I don't think you'd get a good reaction from any of us. No-one
likes rejection, especially if they are rejected over someone that they
either hate or have known for a long period of time.
Tenchi - And what about you Ryoko?
Ryoko - Hmmmmm?
Tenchi - How would you feel if I picked one of the other girls over you?
Ryoko - Well...I...I...I don't think that there would be enough words in the
entire universe to describe how I would feel. I... er...
Tenchi - Would you leave? Here I mean.
Ryoko - Well...I don't really know. I haven't thought about it much. I guess 
I
would go. I don't think that I could cope with you being with another
woman. You know how much you mean to me Tenchi. I would rather I die
than you. I would rather suffer than see you in pain, Tenchi.
Tenchi - Thank you Ryoko. That's all I needed to know. Ryoko?
Ryoko - Yes Tenchi?
Tenchi - I have made my decision. I have chosen the girl that I believe I
wish to spend my time with. In 10 minutes, I will announce it to the rest of
the girls and the one I choose can do as she pleases - laugh, cry, fall into
my arms. Whatever.
Ryoko - Ok Tenchi.

(Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, Katsuhito, Nobuyuki and Ayeka are all sat
around the table.)
Sasami - Oh, breakfast is getting cold. Where could Ryoko and Tenchi be?
Ayeka - Well. I searched everywhere for Miss Ryoko but I could not find
that she-demon anywhere.
Sasami - And I searched everywhere for Tenchi and I couldn't find him
either.
Ayeka - Well......you don't suppose that Miss Ryoko is with Lord Tenchi????
Kiyone - Now Ayeka, they will surely turn up soon.
Ayeka - But...they cannot be together. I simply will not allow it (she 
stands
up). It makes me so angry to think that that she-demon could be flirting
with poor Lord Tenchi. He should not have to deal with such riffraff as her.
I wish to know where they are. Miss Washu? You must know whether Lord
Tenchi is with your daughter. Please tell me.
Washu - Wait a second Miss Ayeka...what did you call me??
Ayeka - Oh. I mean Little Washu...could you please tell me whether Lord
Tenchi is with Miss Ryoko?
Washu - (smiles and opens her telepathic link with Ryoko) <Ryoko? Can you
hear me?>
Ryoko - <Yes, I can Washu.>
Washu - <Hmmm?>
Ryoko - <Yes, I can MOM.>
Washu - (smiles) <Where are you Ryoko?>
Ryoko - <Me and Tenchi have been having a bath in the onsen. We are on
our way back now. Tenchi has a special announcement to make.>
Washu - <Could this have anything to do with which girl he has chosen?>
Ryoko - <I think it does and don't ask me anything. I have no idea which of
us he has chosen. He is being very mysterious about it. He is not giving any
signals off to which one of us it could be.>
Washu - <But you are hoping it is you.>
Ryoko - <Of course I am. Look, we're at the house now. You can find out
everything for yourself.>

(Ryoko closed her telepathic link with her mother.)

Ayeka - Well Little Washu??
Washu - Ryoko and Tenchi are outside the house now.
Ayeka - I knew that that demon was with Lord Tenchi. Oh...I'll tear her limb
from limb for this.

(Tenchi and Ryoko walk into the room. Tenchi smiles at Ryoko and then
turns and smiles and everyone else sat around the table. Ayeka raises an
eyebrow.)

Ayeka - Oh Lord Tenchi, are you alright? Has this she-demon been
bothering you? Here...come and sit down...
Tenchi - Thank you Ayeka but no thanks. I have a very important and
special announcement to make.
Nobuyuki - (says eagerly) Have you chosen which girl Tenchi??
Tenchi - (turns red) Yes Dad, I have.
Katsuhito - I hope you have made this choice from your heart Tenchi. That
is the only way to ensure that it is a wise and just decision.
Tenchi - I have grand-father. My choice comes from the bottom of my
heart. (turns and faces all the girls) We have been all living together for 
a
couple of years now and there is no time in those two years that I wished
to be anyone else. I feel lucky to have you beautiful girls all feel the way
you do about me but you cannot all belong to me. As much as I don't want
to hurt your feelings, I cannot leave you all dangling on, waiting for me 
for
so long. That is why, at long last, I have chosen one of you. This choice 
has
not been easy but I knew from the first moment all of you girls all came
into my life, there was only one of you I think that I could spend the rest 
of
my life with. Only one of you who I longed for more than anything when
you ventured away from me, only one person with whom I don't think I
could live without. You have all been patient and I thank you for that. This
decision comes from me as a whole, there is no part of me that does not
agree to this - heart, body and soul. My partner is and will forever be.
(faces all of the girls) RYOKO.

(All gasp)
Ryoko - ...
Ayeka - But Lord Tenchi...why would you choose that she-demon. She is a 
wicked
space pirate and...
Tenchi - (raises his hand) I know that some of you may be a little shocked, 
if
not (turns to Ryoko and holds her hand) overwhelmed by my decision but I 
will
not change my mind.
Ryoko - (smiles)
Ayeka - That she-demon has bewitched him...that's it, Lord Tenchi...this 
cannot
be your decision...it cannot, I refuse to believe it... (shakes)
Tenchi - I understand how you must feel Ayeka but my decision is final and I
will not change my mind. Ryoko has not changed me in anyway except made me
realise how much I really love her. I care for you all but there is only one
person in this room that has loved me all my life...that person is Ryoko.
Ayeka - I...I...I understand Tenchi. If you want to be with that she-demon -
fine. Just don't come near me with her ever again...(runs upstairs to her 
room
sobbing)
Tenchi - (tries to follow her but is held back by Sasami.)
Sasami - (shakes her head) Just leave her be Tenchi, she will talk to you 
when
she feels she is ready to.
Tenchi - (nods his head and sighs) The rest of you are happy at my decision
aren't you?
Kiyone - I am very pleased for you Tenchi.
Mihoshi - (starts crying) I...I am too Tenchi!
Washu - (walks up to Tenchi) You take good care of my little Ryoko, Tenchi.
Tenchi - (nods his head and smiles) But I think that she is quite capable of
taking care of herself!
Nobuyuki - (walks up to his son) I'm very proud of you son. (hugs his son
tightly) You finally have a beautiful girlfriend!!! I'm so proud of you...I 
am,
I am!!!
Tenchi - (face-faults and turns blue as his dad squeezes him tighter.) 
Thanks,
Dad.
Katsuhito - So...Tenchi. You have chosen Ryoko...you have followed your
heart...you have done well (gets up and walks back to the shrine.)
Tenchi - (watches his grand-father leave with a quizzical look on his
face.)So...(looks at Ryoko who hasn't said a word since Tenchi made his
announcement.) Ryoko?? Are you alright? I've never known you to be lost for
words (nervous laugh.)
Ryoko - (walks up to Tenchi and embraces him.)
Tenchi - (hugs Ryoko back.)
Ryoko - (whispers in Tenchi's ear.) Thank you Tenchi. Thank you.

