Act 1 Scene 3

(this scene starts on the next day. Ryoko and Tenchi are asleep in their new
double bed. The whole house is quiet. Not even Sasami is awake. The only 
person
who is awake is Washu. She is busy in her lab, tapping away at her computer.
Seeing as she is a goddess, she doesn't really need sleep.)

Washu - Whew...thank goodness. My greatest scientific achievement for the 
day is
complete. (looks around her lab) Oh...no-one's awake.
Doll A - Washu, you're the greatest!!
Doll B - You're the greatest at everything Washu!!
Doll A - So Washu...what is this great invention of yours? What does it do?
Washu - I'm glad you asked me that. It reacts on the time and space 
continuum
and allows people to gaze into different time and dimensions. This machine 
can
break everything possible. It can cause dimensional tears and allow others 
to
venture to this dimension.
Doll B - That is so great Washu!!
Washu - Sadly, if I said that to everyone else, they wouldn't understand a 
word
I said.
Doll A - I don't know why Washu! It's quite simple to understand!
Doll B - Yes Washu! Because you're a genius.
Washu - Yes I am. I'M SUCH A GENIUS!!!!! (laughs)

(Meanwhile, Sasami has woken up and has started to prepare breakfast in the
kitchen.)

Sasami - Hmmm, now, what should I prepare today for breakfast??
Ryo-Ohki - (enters into the kitchen) Carrots!!
Sasami - (smiles) Well, that might be ok for you, Ryo-Ohki, but not all of 
us
like to eat carrots first thing in the morning!
Ryo-Ohki - (smile droops)
Sasami - But that doesn't mean that I can't do some carrots for you!! 
(smiles)
Ryo-Ohki - (smiles) Meow!!!

(In Tenchi + Ryoko's bedroom)

Tenchi - (wakes up)Oh...(looks out of the window) another glorious morning. 
Same
as usual (looks down at Ryoko and smiles) or maybe not.
Ryoko - (wakes up, stretches and looks at Tenchi) Good morning Tenchi.
Tenchi - Good morning Ryoko. Did you sleep well?
Ryoko - (smiles) Yes...(cuddles up to Tenchi) Yes I did now that I'm with 
you.
Tenchi - (blushes bright red) Come on...we'd better get up.
Ryoko - But it's sooooooo early Tenchi. (smiles slyly)
Tenchi - (blushes again)Now Ryoko.
Ryoko - What Tenchi?
Tenchi - Not yet, not yet.
Ryoko - (pouts) But Tenchi, I've been waiting forever for you, I don't know 
how
much longer I can wait.
Tenchi - (smiles) You can wait a day, can't you?
Ryoko - (hugs Tenchi) Yes...(pulls him closer) yes, I can (kisses him)

(15 minutes later, everyone is sat around the breakfast table - everyone
including Ayeka.)

Tenchi - So Ayeka, you decided to stay after all.
Ayeka - Yes Tenchi...
Sasami - I'm so glad you did Ayeka.
Mihoshi - She's probably realised that Tenchi was her last chance to have 
any
kind of husband. She's probably accepted the fact that she'll just have to 
live
life as an old maid.
Ayeka - (stands up and shouts) WHAT DID YOU JUST CALL ME!!?
Kiyone - (mutters) And Mihoshi does it again!
Tenchi - Please Ayeka, calm down, I don't want the house to fall down.
Ryoko - Well, there's not much chance of that happening...not unless I get
involved in the fight which I refuse to do.
Ayeka - Can I believe my ears? Has the space pirate gone soft since she got 
a
boyfriend? Too scared now that I will beat her? (cackles)
Ryoko - No Ayeka, too scared that this house will collapse and bury everyone
under it.
Ayeka - Oh really Miss Ryoko. As if it would ever do that with your pathetic
powers. I am the princess of Jurai and I am gifted with lots of power. Power
that you just do not have. (cackles)
Ryoko - Oh yeah Ayeka? (shows Ayeka that she now has all 3 of her gems)
Ayeka - How? How...how did you get those back??
Tenchi - I gave them back to her.
Ayeka - Tenchi? You gave them back to her?
Tenchi - Yes...because I trust her.
Ayeka - You trust that she-demon?
Tenchi - Yes...I trust her and don't call Ryoko that Ayeka.
Ryoko - (smiles) And now that I have all 3 of my gems...I can unleash my 
goddess
power, just like Washu. Now, I am as powerful as Tenchi.
Tenchi - (smiles)
Ayeka - Tenchi (grasps onto him) Are you sure that you trust her?
Tenchi - (pulls Ayeka off him) Yes...I do Ayeka.
Nobuyuki - (walks into the room) Tenchi!! I'm so proud of you!! You've taken
another step forward on the road to becoming a man!! (squeezes his son 
tight)
Tenchi - (face-faults and turns red) Dad! Have you been looking in my room
again?
Nobuyuki - Of course I have Tenchi!!
Tenchi - (whispers to Ryoko) We really need to get a lock on our door!
Ryoko - (laughs)
Nobuyuki - Well Tenchi, are you going to tell everyone then?
Tenchi - Dad, you're making too big a deal out of this.
Nobuyuki - Can't I be proud of my son??
Tenchi - Yes but I wish that you weren't as nosy about my private life!!
Nobuyuki - (wasn't paying attention to Tenchi's last comment) What did you 
say
son?
Tenchi - (sighs) Never mind.
Nobuyuki - So...tell them then.
Tenchi - DAD!
Nobuyuki - What?
Ryoko - We are going to be here all day!! (smiles) I'll tell them shall I?
Tenchi - NO!!
Nobuyuki - YES!!
Ryoko - I'm gonna tell them anyway Tenchi (teleports right to his side) 
Whether
you want me to or not.
Tenchi - (blushes)
Sasami - Well...tell us then Ryoko.
Ryo-Ohki - Meow!!
Ryoko - Well, I asked Washu...
Washu - Hmmmm?
Ryoko - I asked MOM...
Washu - (smiles)
Ryoko - ...whether she would do something for me.
Mihoshi - What?
Ryoko - I asked her whether she would make something for me.
Mihoshi - What?
Ryoko - I asked her whether she would make me a special bed.
Kiyone - Hmmm?
Ryoko - A DOUBLE BED!
Mihoshi - So you and Tenchi are sleeping together (turns to talk to Ayeka)
Oh...don't you think that is so sweet Ayeka??
Ayeka - (starts to boil with anger)
Kiyone - You always say the wrong things Mihoshi!!!!!
Mihoshi - (starts to cry) I'm sorry!!
Ryoko and Tenchi - (roll eyes)

(10 minutes later, when breakfast is finished)

Washu - Well...now that everyone has finished, I would like to show you
something that I have been working on.
Sasami - What is it Washu?
Washu - Follow me to my lab and I will show you.
Ryoko - I'll come later Washu.
Washu - Hmmm?
Ryoko - I'll come later MOM! I'm just going to take a bath in the onsen. 
Tenchi?
Are you coming? (smiles slyly)
Tenchi - (smiles back) Alright Ryoko.
Ayeka - (gasps as they leave) I can't believe that they are speaking like 
that
when there are others around them.
Sasami - They're in love Ayeka. They can speak how they like.
Washu - (coughs) Anyway...come on. Come and see my great invention... Oh! I 
AM
SUCH A GENIUS!!
Everyone - (face-faults)

(Meanwhile, Tenchi and Ryoko are walking to the onsen)

Tenchi - What do you think it is that Washu has created Ryoko?
Ryoko - I don't know Tenchi, something amazing probably that Mihoshi won't 
be
able to resist in touching.
Tenchi - (laughs) Yeah. (holds onto Ryoko's hand)
Ryoko - (smiles) Come on Tenchi...I'll teleport us to the onsen myself.
Tenchi - Ok Ryoko.

(1 second later, they are in the onsen.)

Ryoko - Ok Tenchi, I'll see you in a few minutes (starts to walk to the 
ladies
onsen.)
Tenchi - Wait Ryoko.
Ryoko - (turns around) Yes Tenchi?
Tenchi - (swallows) Why don't you come and take a bath with me?
Ryoko - Really!?
Tenchi - (smiles) Yes really.
Ryoko - (smiles and looks at the sign on the men's side of the onsen which 
says
'Tenchi'.) Guess we'll have to change this sign then (quickly changes it so 
that
it reads 'Tenchi and Ryoko's Bath.') That's better.
Tenchi - (pulls Ryoko into the onsen) Much better.
Ryoko - (smiles)
Tenchi - I'll be back in a minute Ryoko (walks behind a tree and gets 
undressed
and wraps a towel around his waist. When he comes out from behind the tree 
he
notices that Ryoko is completely naked) (he blushes)
Ryoko - (smiles) Well...you need to get used to this Tenchi.
Tenchi - I guess I do...seeing as we are going to be together...
Ryoko - Forever (she finished for him)Would you like me to wash your back
Tenchi?
Tenchi - (blushes again) Alright Ryoko.
Ryoko - (gets a sponge out and starts to scrub Tenchi's back)

(Meanwhile, the others are now in Washu's lab and are viewing her latest
invention.)

Washu - So...this is it.
Mihoshi - So, what does it do Washu??
Washu - I'm glad you asked me that. This machine reacts on the time and 
space
continuum and allows people to gaze into different time and dimensions. This
machine can break everything possible. It can cause dimension tears and 
allow
others to venture into this dimension...do you understand??
Mihoshi - (starts to nod her head and then shakes it)
Sasami - I don't understand Washu.
Washu - Oh...you people are hopeless! WITH THIS MACHINE YOU CAN SEE WHAT 
WILL
HAPPEN IN YOUR FUTURE AND CAN ALLOW PEOPLE FROM OTHER DIMENSIONS AND YOUR 
FUTURE
TO COME HERE NOW! IS THAT CLEAR ENOUGH FOR YOU??
Sasami - I understand now Washu.
Mihoshi - (walks up to the machine) So...Washu, could it tell me the winning
lottery numbers??
Washu - (shakes her head and sighs) No, Mihoshi it doesn't work like that.
Mihoshi - (starts to press lots of buttons) Well, let's see, how does it 
work
then??
Washu - (cries out) NO! STOP! YOU'LL BREAK IT!!
Mihoshi - (ignores her) Let's see, I'll press a few buttons here...I wonder
whether my future will be great...hmmm, I wonder whether I'll get married 
and...
Kiyone - (pulls Mihoshi away from the machine)You never do anything right
Mihoshi. Why can't you just leave things alone??

(The machine starts to cough and splutter)

Kiyone - Now look what you've done Mihoshi. I just hope that we are not 
going to
get hurled into different dimensions like we did last time.
Mihoshi - Now, come on Kiyone. That wasn't entirely my fault.
Kiyone - It never is.
Washu - Oh, my machine. Mihoshi! What buttons did you press?
Mihoshi - Erm...
Kiyone - Oh Mihoshi!!

(The machine starts to rattle faster and coughs more)

Washu - Well, according to my computer (looks at her little laptop) Mihoshi
pressed a button which causes a tear in the future.
Ayeka - What does that mean Washu?
Washu - It means Ayeka, that in a few seconds, we are going to have a 
visitor
from the future with us.
Ayeka - Oh, how exciting!! I wonder who it could be.
Washu - You don't understand Ayeka. With all the buttons that Mihoshi 
pressed,
it will take me a few days to get my machine operating correctly. That means
that this person would be staying in our time period for a while. This could
have disastrous results.
Sasami - I understand Washu. The person could be very frightened.
Washu - Plus...we have no idea who this person will be. If it turns out to 
be
someone evil, we are in a lot of trouble.
Mihoshi - Oh (grabs onto Kiyone) Kiyone, I'm scared!!
Kiyone - (turns blue and tries to pry Mihoshi off her)

(The lab is suddenly filled with a bright blue light and a figure suddenly
appears in the middle of the light)

Sasami - Look! (points towards the figure)
Ryo-Ohki - Meow!!
Ayeka - Who could it be??
Kiyone - (gets her galaxy police blaster out) Stand back everyone! They 
could be
dangerous!
Washu - I'm not sure whether your gun will be any good Kiyone.

(The light gets brighter and suddenly the figure falls forward onto the 
floor
and the light disappears. Everyone gasps.)


