Disclaimer:  This story features characters that weren‘t created by me, 
they were created by Masaki Kajishima.  I don‘t own these characters 
either, they are owned by Pioneer LDC.  The author only owns the 
story and the characters he has created.  I do not write this for profit, 
only for the pleasure of writing.  Suing me would be pointless since I 
have no money or assets.

Warning: This story contains swearing and lewdness (Yes Ryoko 
appears in this fic).

==============

Tenchi Muyo!
When I Grow Up...
Chapter Two
The Cyan Haired Boy

==============
	
	<Are you sure you can do this alone?>

	<Yes mom, I can do this.  I’ve seen you do this a hundred 
times.>

	<All right, but be careful!  If it gets to hot out there get out.  
Remember this is just money, it’s not worth getting killed over.>

 	<I know, I know> and with that thought Tenchi Masaki-
Hakubi took off like a shot.  He lived for this sort of thing.  He loved 
the rush and freedom he felt when he was up in the clouds.  For a 
moment he thought about staying in the sky for a few hours but then 
he remembered that he had a job to do.  He was helping put food on 
his family’s table and a roof over their heads.

	Tenchi spotted a skimmer racing across the great expanse of 
the desert sand.  It was his target.  He wasn’t interested in what the 
men in the skimmer had stolen however.  He was only interested in 
capturing them alive.  They were worth a lot of money to him.  

	Tenchi dived lower and flew close to the ground making him 
difficult to spot.  He quickly gained on the speeding skimmer.  
However it wasn’t long before the men in skimmer spotted him and 
opened fire.

	Energy blasts streamed toward Tenchi as one of the men fired 
at Tenchi who was coming in from the rear of vehicle.  Tenchi twisted 
away from blasts.  The man continued to fire at Tenchi but he easily 
evaded the attack.  Tenchi unleashed an energy blast of his own at the 
skimmer.  The blast destroyed the main drive of the skimmer causing 
it to spin out of control.  The foils of the skimmer dug into the sand 
as the skimmer came to a halt.  

	Tenchi teleported in front of the stranded vehicle and shouted, 
“give yourselves up, now!”

	“Fuck you bastard!” yelled one of the men as he fired a rocket 
launcher at Tenchi.

	Tenchi teleported away before the rocket could hit him.  The 
rocket passed through the empty space that Tenchi had occupied only 
a fraction of second before and continued on toward the horizon.  
There was a tremendous explosion on the horizon far away from any 
one who could be harmed. 

	The two men in the skimmer darted their heads around 
searching for the boy who had attacked them.  Tenchi reappeared 
next to the man holding the rocket launcher.  Tenchi cut the man’s 
weapon in half with his energy sword.  He then pressed the sword 
against the man’s throat. 

	“You just don’t get it,” said Tenchi.

	The other man in the skimmer screamed and ran outside.  He 
was stopped by an incredibly beautiful woman with amber eyes 
teleporting in front of him.

	“Going somewhere?” asked Ryoko.

	“Fuck!” said the man as he dropped to his knees.

	“Thanks for the offer but you’re not cute enough for me,” she 
joked.

	Tenchi sighed with embarrassment.  He was often embarrassed 
by his mother’s lewdness.

	“I thought you were going to let me do this alone?” questioned 
Tenchi.

	“I was,” replied Ryoko “but by the time you got done with that 
one there this one would have run off into the desert and probably 
would have died from exposure.  And he wouldn’t be worth any 
money if he was dead.”  Tenchi nodded in agreement, he knew how 
dangerous the desert was.

	Tenchi bounded the wrists of the two criminals together.  From 
the smell it was obvious one of the men had soiled himself.  Tenchi and 
his mother each grabbed a man and teleported them in front of the 
police station.

	They walked the men into the police station.  The clerk at the 
desk smiled as he saw them approaching.  He had been hitting on 
Tenchi’s mom for years even though he didn’t seem to be getting 
anywhere with her.

	“So how’s the most beautiful bounty hunter in the world doing 
today?” asked the clerk.

	“Got two fresh ones for ya,” Ryoko said turning the 
conversation to business.

	The clerk looked at two men that they had brought with them.  
“Oh those two, they were able to evade capture from the entire 
metropolitan police, you’re good Ryoko.”

	“Actually my boy here did it,” Ryoko said proudly as she 
patted her son on the back.

	“Oh really?” said the clerk “well then kid looks like you’re 
ready to take over the family business someday.  They’re each worth 
thirteen hundred and combined they’re worth twenty six hundred, 
two month’s wages.”

	Tenchi felt proud of himself.  He just earned his family a great 
deal of money, enough to last them until another big bounty head came 
up.

	The clerk transferred the money into Ryoko’s account and the 
guards carted of the two criminals.  Ryoko thanked him and went 
with her son outside.  They teleported from the police station back to 
their house.  

	Their home was a dirty gray dome shaped structure like most 
houses on the world of Carnas, the world they lived on.  Unlike most 
homes on the planet it was actually larger on the inside than it was on 
the outside.  

	They stepped inside and were greeted by a twelve-year-old 
girl with piercing green eyes and long pink hair.  “Welcome back you 
two, did you make me any money?” asked Washu.

	“I didn’t, but Tenchi here did,” said Ryoko still beaming with 
pride “He made his first solo capture today.”

	“Well then how much did he make for us?” questioned Washu.

	“Twenty six hundred,” Ryoko exclaimed.

	Washu whistled with awe.  “That’s two months wages for 
only a few minutes work.  This is certainly a special occasion; I’ll have 
my robots whip up a special lunch for us.”  

	Washu snapped her fingers and several robots appeared in 
front of her.  “Go and make us the best lunch you can,” Washu 
ordered.  The robots took off in different directions as they went about 
their various tasks in preparing lunch.

	Tenchi floated off to his room before his grandma could make 
a bigger deal out of this.  He placed his hands behind his head and 
rested on his bed.  A small brown creature phased through the door 
and hopped up on to Tenchi’s bed.  It climbed to its normal resting 
spot on Tenchi’s chest.

	“Hello Ryo-ohki,” said Tenchi as he scratched the cabbit 
behind its ear.

	“Miya!” exclaimed Ryo-ohki.

	“Yes I’m glad to be home too.”

	“Miya?”

	“No I didn’t bring you any carrots,” said Tenchi as a he 
started to laugh.

	“Miya miya?” asked Ryo-ohki.

	“Yeah we made some money today,” explained Tenchi.

	“Miya!” exclaimed an excited Ryo-ohki.

	Tenchi started to laugh.  “Yeah, we can get you more carrots 
now.”

	Tenchi continued to scratch his childhood pet behind its ear.  
He found himself starting to drift off sleep.  Ryo-ohki was already 
purring with contentment.  She had fallen asleep.  Tenchi relaxed 
and went to sleep.

	<Hey Tenchi, wake up!> Washu interrupted his bliss through 
their telepathic link.

	< What is it?> he thought back.

	<Lunch is ready. Come downstairs,> she ordered.

	Tenchi shook Ryo-ohki awake.  “Miya?” asked a sleepy Ryo
-ohki.

	“C’mon they have lunch for us,” said Tenchi.

	“Miya!” said a very excited Ryo-ohki.  She bolted towards the 
door and bumped her head on the door as she forgot to phase through 
it.  She stepped back and prepared to pounce.  She leapt and passed 
through the door.  Tenchi teleported from his bed and reappeared in 
the dining room.  Ryo-Ohki also soon appeared on the table near her 
pile of carrots.  She meowed happily and dug in.

	Tenchi looked at the rather large pile of food his grandmother’s 
robots had prepared.  “Grandma, you don’t think we can eat all this 
food, do you?” he asked.

	“Sure why not?” Washu questioned.

	“Well it’s just so much,” he exclaimed.

	“C’mon you have to be able to eat some of this, you are my 
son after all,” said Ryoko teasingly.

	Tenchi sighed as the others began eating.  His mother was right, 
she was a bottomless pit.  Tenchi ate as much as he could.  Surprisingly 
he was able to eat as much as his mother and than some.  He quickly 
felt full and retired to his bed.  Before he left his grandmother 
reminded him that he had tutoring this afternoon.

	After Tenchi digested his meal he went down to his 
grandmother’s lab.  He didn’t like sitting in the lab for hours while 
his grandmother lectured him.  He’d rather be flying or checking out 
girls with his friends.

	Today’s lecture was boring as always.  Washu went on and 
went on about the nature of subspace.  Tenchi wasn’t really paying 
attention but Washu didn’t notice she was off in her own world, 
talking about subjects that were over his head (no wonder he’s bored).  
“And that’s why you can’t build a galaxy destroying weapon using 
Ganax’s third principle,” Washu finished.  “Any questions?”

	“Yeah, just one, why would anyone want to build a galaxy 
destroying weapon?” asked Tenchi.

	“Well, in the name of science of course,” she replied.

	“But wouldn’t it be dangerous to build something like that, 
what if there was an accident or something?” argued Tenchi.

	“You can’t make any progress with out taking some risks,” 
replied Washu.

	“I don’t know, the accidental destruction of the galaxy seems 
to be a pretty big risk to take, I mean what’s the point of progress if 
you’re dead,” questioned Tenchi.

	“You’re your father’s son,” Washu said as she shook her head.

	Tenchi asked something he had wanted to ask for a long time.  
“What was my father like?”

	Washu looked shocked at first but then smiled.  “Your father 
was a very brave man.  He was kind and loving to everyone around him. 
 He cared about all the women who lived under his roof even though we 
tortured him on a daily basis.  He considered it his job to protect all of us.  
He loved your mother very much.  When he died your mother was 
devastated, if she wasn’t pregnant with you she might not have been 
able to go on.  If was he alive today he would be proud of you.  That 
answer your question?”

	“Yeah, it does, thanks,” said Tenchi as he was soaking in what 
his grandma had just said.

	“If you have anymore questions about your dad you’re always 
welcome to ask me,” Washu smiled.

 	Tenchi nodded to acknowledge what she had just said.  “All 
right that ends your lesson for today, you’re free for the rest of the 
day,” exclaimed Washu.

	Tenchi teleported out of the lab and into his bedroom.  He 
could basically do whatever he wanted to for the rest of the day.  His 
mom was usually taking a nap by now and his grandma would spend 
all of her time in the lab.  There was no one to watch over him. 

	He decided to go out and meet his friends at one their usual 
hangouts.  He could go get a bite to eat, maybe have a couple drinks, 
and check out the girls.  That sounded like a good idea to him.

	Tenchi  floated over to the bathroom to get himself cleaned up.  
He washed his hands and face and combed his hair.  Tenchi studied his 
reflection in the mirror.  He had the same color eyes as his mom but 
they were not feline but human in shape.  He also had the same color 
hair as his mother but he kept his cut short.  He also had a short pair 
of fangs.  But the similarities with his mom ended there he looked 
much more like his father than his mother.

	He returned to his room and changed his clothes to something 
a little bit more fashionable.  He didn’t know that much about clothes 
but he knew what girls liked.  He grabbed his money and teleported 
out the door.

	On Carnas, Tenchi, Ryoko, and Washu could us their powers 
with out fear.  Most of the people on this planet had some kind psionic 
power, it wasn’t unusual to see someone flying, teleporting, or 
displaying super human strength.  Tenchi and his mother just appeared 
to be very powerful people among powerful people.  It also helped that 
the natives of Carnas were humanoids.

	Tenchi meet up with her friends in one of their usual hangouts 
just like he planned.  They got something to eat, had a few drinks, and 
Tenchi spent the rest of the night hitting on a beautiful green haired 
goddess, until her boyfriend showed up.  Tenchi could have picked a 
fight with him (and he was tempted to for such a beautiful girl) and 
won but she would get mad at him and he might get in trouble so he 
backed off.  He didn’t care there were other girls out there that 
looked just as good.

	As it got late Tenchi started to feel sleepy (a little bit too much
to drink perhaps).  He decided to go home and go to sleep.  Besides, 
he could do the same thing tomorrow evening.  

 	When he got home he found that all the lights were out.  
Tenchi knew that was odd.  His mother was always up at this time.  

	“Hello?  Mom?  Grandma?” said Tenchi as he reached for the 
lights.

	When the lights came on Tenchi found his mom sitting on one 
of rafters looking down on him.  “Decided to sneak out, did you?” 
Ryoko asked.

	“Um, ... I didn’t do anything wrong,” Tenchi replied weakly.

	Ryoko teleported right next to him and looked him right in the 
face.  “Hmmm ... bloodshot eyes, a slight slurring of your speech,” she 
sniffed him “and you smell like a bunch horny, sweaty teenagers.  
You’ve been drinking, haven’t you?”

 	“Not a lot,” Tenchi tried to defend himself.  

	“Your punishment is that you must go to bed right now,” 
Ryoko said half teasing.

	“That’s it?” Tenchi was shocked.

	“Sure why not, you’re old enough to go out on your own.  But 
next time leave me note telling me were you are and when you’ll be back.  
That way I won’t have worry about you.  Now go to bed.”

	Tenchi nodded and teleported into his room.  He quickly 
changed into his pajamas and crawled into bed.  He was relieved that 
he had gotten off so easily.  Ryo-ohki soon hoped in to bed with him 
and soon they both were asleep.

That’s the end of the second chapter, sorry it wasn’t as long as the 
first chapter but Ryoko’s son has less to do during the day than 
Ayeka’s son does.  As always you can email me your questions and 
comments to me at drobe@siu.edu.

Next Chapter: What exactly was the nature of the relationship between 
Tenchi and Ayeka?  Where they really married?  How exactly did 
Tenchi die?  Find out in the next chapter of Tenchi Muyo! When I 
Grow Up...: Lost Hopes and Dreams.

Thanks for taking the time to read my fic.
Dave^^

