Act 2 Scene 1

(this scene takes place the next day - Day 1 of Bijoshi's stay in this time
period.)

(the sun shines through Tenchi and Ryoko's open bedroom window. Tenchi stirs 
and
wakes up.)

Tenchi - (looks down at Ryoko whose head is lying on top of Tenchi's chest 
and
smiles. He starts to stroke her long, cyan hair.)
Ryoko - (starts to purr.)
Tenchi - (smiles and strokes her hair faster.)
Ryoko - (purrs even more.)
Tenchi - (smiles again and starts to drag his index finger down Ryoko's 
back.) I
know you're awake Ryoko, you're heart's beating faster and your breathing 
has
quickened.
Ryoko - (opens her eyes and looks up at Tenchi) Good morning Tenchi.
Tenchi - (smiles) Good morning Ryoko.
Ryoko - Last night was good, wasn't it Tenchi? (smiles slyly)
Tenchi - (blushes) Yes it was Ryoko. Come on, we'd better get up (starts to 
get
out of the bed.)
Ryoko - (pulls him down so that she is laid on top of him.)
Tenchi - (laughs) Ryoko!
Ryoko - (starts to kiss him) I. Don't. Wanna. Get. Up. (she says in between
kisses.)
Tenchi - (smiles) Come on, stop fooling around. The others will be wondering
were we are.
Ryoko - Let them wonder. I'd rather spend some time with you - alone.
Tenchi - (picks Ryoko up and sets her on the ground.) Later...much later.
Ryoko - (smiles) Alright, let's get ready and go downstairs. (transforms 
herself
into a light pink dress.) I'm ready.
Tenchi - (gasps as he sees Ryoko) You look very...very beautiful Ryoko.
Ryoko - (smiles) Why, thank you Tenchi.

(Meanwhile, Sasami is busy downstairs preparing breakfast. She is then 
joined by
Bijoshi.)

Bijoshi - Good morning Sasami. Is there anything that I can help you with?
Sasami - Good morning Bijoshi. No, I'm nearly finished but thank you anyway.
Ryo-Ohki - Meow!!
Bijoshi - (startled) Oh! Who is this then?
Sasami - This is Ryo-Ohki. Isn't she with you in the future?
Bijoshi - Well...we have a Ryo-Ohki but in the future, she is completely 
human.
My father said that Washu made her completely human. She is actually my 
nanny in
the future, she takes care of me.
Sasami - (gasps) So...how old is Ryo-Ohki in the future then?
Bijoshi - Well...she is 20, I think.
Sasami - (turns towards Ryo-Ohki) Did you hear that Ryo-Ohki? You become 
human
in the future!!
Ryo-Ohki - Meow!!
Bijoshi - (smiles) I guess a lot happens between your time period and mine.
Sasami - (smiles) I guess it does. Bijoshi?
Bijoshi - Yes Sasami?
Sasami - Could you please go and get Ayeka, Tenchi, Ryoko, father, Kiyone 
and
Mihoshi and tell them that breakfast is ready.
Bijoshi - Of course Sasami. What about great-grandfather and grandmother?
Sasami - I'll go and get Washu and grandfather, don't worry.
Bijoshi - (smiles) Ok.

(15 minutes later, everyone is sat around the table, everyone except Washu.)

Bijoshi - Where is grandmother, Sasami?
Sasami - Washu said that she wasn't hungry. She often misses meals.
Bijoshi - Oh right.
Sasami - (smiles and looks over at Ryoko and Tenchi who are gazing lovingly 
into
each others eyes.) You two seem in an exceptionally happy mood today.
Tenchi - (blushes) Erm...well...erm...
Nobuyuki - I know why!!
Tenchi - DAD!! You haven't, have you?
Nobuyuki - What Tenchi?
Tenchi - Been spying on me and Ryoko again?
Nobuyuki - Yeah, of course I have, I need to check on my son's progress 
through
life. (gives Tenchi a bone-crushing hug.)
Ryoko - (smiles and laughs)
Nobuyuki - You're not getting out of it Ryoko (grabs Ryoko and gives her a 
big
hug)
Ryoko and Tenchi - (sigh and face-fault.)
Nobuyuki - Oh...(wipes a tear from his eye) I am soooooo happy!!!
Mihoshi - What? What is it?
Nobuyuki - Oh! Tenchi and Ryoko...
Tenchi - DAD!!
Nobuyuki - What? Anyway, as I was saying, Tenchi and Ryoko made love last
night!!
Everyone - (gasps)
Tenchi - (blushes)
Ryoko - (smiles)
Nobuyuki - (looks like he's gonna burst with pride.) I was thinking of 
taking
some pictures with my camera but I decided against it.
Tenchi - YOU WHAT???
Ryoko - (laughs)
Kiyone - Well...I'm pleased for both of you.
Sasami - Me too.
Ayeka - I can't believe it...Tenchi, you...you and Ryoko?
Tenchi - Yes Ayeka, it's true.
Ayeka - I simply cannot believe it...that she-demon is with you Tenchi. You 
are
from a royal background and you chose that she-demon as your girlfriend.
Well...she will never become Queen of Jurai, not while I'm here.
Sasami - Ayeka...
Ayeka - No Sasami, I will never allow that...that creature to be in charge 
of
Jurai. She must not...she will not...
Yosho - But remember Ayeka, if Tenchi decides to take the throne, you have 
to
step down. There is nothing you can do about it. Anyway Ayeka, we already 
know
that Tenchi and Ryoko take the Jurai throne. There is nothing that you can 
do to
alter the future.
Ayeka - I will never allow it...(turns to Tenchi) Tenchi, I don't want you 
to
ever speak to me again. I thought that you would eventually come to your 
senses
and realise that choosing that she-demon was a bad idea but you haven't. I 
don't
want you or her anywhere near me. (runs upstairs.)
Tenchi - Well, (turns to Ryoko) What are we going to do now?
Ryoko - I don't know Tenchi. Bijoshi has already said that we take the 
throne in
the future and that I become friends with Ayeka but, I cannot see that ever
happening at the moment.
Bijoshi - It will happen, I have been there. Don't worry too much about it. 
I
cannot tell you how it happens but you will find out for yourself shortly.
Tenchi - (smiles) I guess we will just have to wait for that moment to 
happen.
(turns to Ryoko) In the mean time, we will just have to face the 
consequences
that my decision has brought upon the house.
Ryoko - (sighs) I guess we will.

(about 30 minutes later, Tenchi and Ryoko are taking a walk together through 
the
woods near the Masaki shrine. Tenchi is on his way to train with his
grandfather.)

Ryoko - (envelops Tenchi in a big hug)
Tenchi - (smiles)
Ryoko - Oh, it feels so good to be able to hug you without you pushing me 
away.
Tenchi - Well I have changed...(blushes)
Ryoko - Not much though. (laughs)
Tenchi - (smiles and pulls Ryoko right by his side.)
Ryoko - (giggles and suddenly snatches Tenchi's bokken away from him.)
Tenchi - Hey Ryoko!! Come back with that!! (laughs and chases Ryoko through 
the
woods.)
Ryoko - (laughs) Come and get it then Tenchi!!
Yosho - (coughs) TENCHI!!! Are you ready for practise?
Tenchi - (grabs onto Ryoko and pulls her to the ground, laughing) I'll take 
that
(grabs his bokken) and you can have this (kisses Ryoko) I'll see you later, 
ok?
Ryoko - Ok Tenchi, don't be too late (disappears.)
Tenchi - (smiles)
Yosho - TENCHI!!
Tenchi - Coming grandpa!
Yosho - So...Tenchi, how are you and Ryoko getting along?
Tenchi - Better than ever grandpa. I can't believe that I waited all of this
time to tell her how much she means to me.
Yosho - I am glad that you are happy Tenchi.
Tenchi - Thank you grandpa.
Yosho - (suddenly produces a needle with some glowing substance in it.)
Tenchi - What is that grandpa? (asks worried)
Yosho - (puts the needle in Tenchi's arm and removes it just as quickly as 
it
went in.) There...done.
Tenchi - (is slightly stunned and angry.) What was that for??????
Yosho - That was Ryoko's powers copied.
Tenchi - What?
Yosho - Well...haven't you been slightly curious as to what Washu was doing 
this
morning?
Tenchi - Fixing the machine?
Yosho - Apart from that.
Tenchi - (sighs) What was she doing?
Yosho - She was duplicating Ryoko's powers so that she could give them to 
you.
It was her idea and mine to give you Ryoko's powers aswell as your own. If 
you
are going to battle Tokimi in the future, you are going to need to be 
stronger
than you are now. That is why I injected you with that glowing substance -
Ryoko's powers. Washu is now doing the same to Ryoko, injecting her with 
your
powers so that you are both equally strong. With both sets of power inside 
you
both, your power level reaches 1,000 points EACH!
Tenchi - WOW!! So Ryoko will have my powers and I will have hers...
Yosho - Yes...and this is an ever-lasting effect aswell.
Tenchi - So...I will have Ryoko's powers forever?
Yosho - Yes...which is why Washu and I have decided that it is best for you 
two
to spar together. You are both equally matched so you will both know what 
you
are up against. But beware of surprises.
Tenchi - I will grandpa.
Yosho - Now...I will take you to Ryoko so she can teach you what you need to
know and vice versa.

(10 minutes later, Yosho and Washu have disappeared and Ryoko and Tenchi are 
in
the training ground together.)

Ryoko - (is still slightly stunned) So...the same happened to you then?
Tenchi - Yep. Grandpa just produced this needle and injected me with your 
powers
before I had any say in it.
Ryoko - Well, Washu jumped me when I went into her lab to see how she was 
doing
on her machine. She gave me a fright.
Tenchi - So...now we have each others powers.
Ryoko - Yeah. <We do.>
Tenchi - Woah! Ryoko, what did you just do? I could hear you talking but 
your
lips didn't move!
Ryoko - I was talking to you telepathically Tenchi. You try it, it is one of 
my
powers. Just imagine yourself saying the words but in your head and I will 
hear
them. Washu can hear them too. If you want to close your link just stop 
talking
and imagine that you have gone dumb in your head. That closes the link.
Tenchi - ok Ryoko, I'll try <Can you hear me Ryoko?>
Ryoko - <Yes Tenchi, I can.>
Tenchi - <Hey, this is cool!>
Ryoko - (smiles) See how easy it is?
Tenchi - Yeah!
Ryoko - You will also be able to talk to Ryo-Ohki now and understand what 
she
says.
Tenchi - Finally, I'll be able to understand all of that meowing she does!!
Ryoko - (smiles) You know Tenchi, we don't have to practise today.
Tenchi - (blushes) Erm...what...wh-at did you have in mind Ryoko?
Ryoko - Well, I was thinking of taking a fly, you and me together.
Tenchi - Well (smiles) I'm game, just show me how and we'll get out of here.
Ryoko - (smiles) Well, just imagine yourself lifting off the ground.
Tenchi - That's all?
Ryoko - That's all.
Tenchi - (closes his eyes and concentrates on rising into the air)
Ryoko - Tenchi, open your eyes.
Tenchi - (opens his eyes and discovers that he is floating in the air, quite 
far
above the ground) Woah!!
Ryoko - (flies up beside him) Take my hand Tenchi and we'll go on a journey 
far
away.
Tenchi - (takes Ryoko's hand and they suddenly shoot off forward and an
incredible speed) (laughs)
Ryoko - (looks at Tenchi and smiles) Let's go over to that caf‚ and spook 
the
people out (laughs)
Tenchi - (smiles) Alright.
Ryoko - (grasps Tenchi's hand tighter and they both swoop down towards the 
caf‚)
HELLO DOWN THERE!!

(Two business men from England, John and David, are sat down at the caf‚,
discussing some new ways to get their computer business up and running.)

David - So...John, what do you think?
John - I think that...(looks up and sees Ryoko and Tenchi in the sky) that 
we're
in trouble!!
David - (looks up and sees Ryoko and Tenchi. Ryoko is laughing and waving to 
the
men. Tenchi is smiling but blushing.) Ah...oh those Japanese people are 
strange.
So...anyway John, what should we do.
John - But David...can't you see them, they're flying without aid. There's
nothing holding them up...(continues to look at Ryoko and Tenchi)
David - Oh don't be so silly John. Of course something must be holding them 
up,
no-one can fly by themselves.
John - Well, these two seem to be able to. (gazes up at Ryoko and sees her
teaching Tenchi how to form an energy sword.) Er...David, I don't think that
those two are from this planet.
David - You mean...like aliens?
John - Yeah, that's exactly what I mean. (is very worried now)
David - (looks up and now sees Ryoko teaching Tenchi how to use telekinesis.
Suddenly, chairs from the caf‚ start to float up into the air) Ah...I see 
your
point John. I think that now might be a good time to end our meeting. 
(starts to
get up) Let's re-schedule it for some other time (starts to run away) and 
some
other place.
John - (follows David) I agree.
David - (gets round a corner and then looks up to discover that Ryoko and 
Tenchi
have disappeared. He takes off his glasses, rubs them on his shirt and then 
puts
them back on again.) I think I need a holiday...or a stronger pair of 
glasses.

Ryoko - Oh...that was fun, don't you agree Tenchi?
Tenchi - (smiles) Yeah, it was quite funny but you shouldn't scare people 
like
that Ryoko.
Ryoko - Why not? It was so funny to watch. The looks on those men's faces 
were
great. I wish I had a camera or something with me!
Tenchi - Well, we're not supposed to be attracting attention to ourselves or
people will ask questions.
Ryoko - Oh, who cares if people ask questions. Look Tenchi, (points to the
ground where there appears to be a carnival in the middle of the town.) I 
can
see the haunted house, wouldn't it be great now if it was really haunted?
(smiles slyly)
Tenchi - Now Ryoko, I'm not sure whether that would be a good 
idea......(cries
out as Ryoko drags Tenchi down to the ground.)
Ryoko - Right...(looks around and creeps behind the haunted house.) Are you
coming Tenchi?
Tenchi - (arms crossed) I'd rather stay here Ryoko. We've caused enough 
trouble
today as it is.
Ryoko - (teleports herself near Tenchi and whispers in his ear) Oh but my
Tenchi, the fun has only just got started. (grabs hold of Tenchi and 
teleports
him inside the haunted house.)
Tenchi - Ryoko!!
Ryoko - (puts a finger on Tenchi's lips) Ssshh, Tenchi this is a perfect 
time
for you to learn another one of my powers, phasing through solid objects 
like
walls and such.
Tenchi - (sighs) Alright Ryoko, you win. What do I have to do?
Ryoko - (smiles) Well, you have to imagine that the object that you are 
about to
go through isn't there. Then, you just fly or walk up to it and keep on 
going
until you are completely inside it. Then just continue going until you hit 
the
other side. Ok?
Tenchi - Right...I think I can manage that. (walks up to a wall and 
concentrates
about going through it. Sadly, he doesn't concentrate hard enough and ends 
up
banging his head against the wall) Owwww!!
Ryoko - (laughs) Try again Tenchi! This time, concentrate harder.
Tenchi - (tries again and this time successfully goes through the wall. He 
then
comes back through it again) Hey! I did it!
Ryoko - (smiles) Now we can put it to the test.
Tenchi - What do you mean?
Ryoko - I mean this (pulls Tenchi through the wall so they are in the middle 
of
it) Don't make a sound and when I give the word, pop your head through the 
wall,
ok?
Tenchi - (sighs) Alright.
Ryoko - (listens carefully for the sound of a cart travelling along the 
track.
She soon hears one coming.) Get ready Tenchi, on the count of 
three...1,2,3!!

(Tenchi and Ryoko both poke their heads through the wall.)

Ryoko - Hello!

(the two children in the cart scream and start to cry)

Ryoko - What did I do? I only said hello!

(this causes the children to scream even louder)

Ryoko - (shrugs her shoulders) Come on Tenchi! Let's go and find somewhere 
else
to cause mischief.
Tenchi - (rolls his eyes and sighs)
Ryoko - (grabs hold of Tenchi and pulls him through the wall) Come on!!

(when the two children, a little girl and a little boy reach the end of the
track, they both jump out of the cart and run to their mother crying.)

Mother - What's the matter? Was it very scary?
Boy - (nods head) There were two people who just came out of no-where.
Girl - They stuck their heads through a wall and the woman said hello.
Boy - They were real people mummy.
Girl - And they did it themselves.
Mother - Don't be silly, real people can't stick their heads through walls, 
they
would bang their heads on the wall. Now calm down and we'll go and get some 
ice-
creams.
Girl and boy - (both look back and see Ryoko and Tenchi flying through the 
air
away from the haunted house. They pull on their mother's shirt) That's the
people mummy.
Mother - (looks up to where the children are pointing and gasps)
They...they...are (she faints)
Girl -  I bet she believes us now.
Boy - Yeah!

Tenchi - Ryoko, I think that we should be getting back now. The others will 
be
wondering where we are.
Ryoko - Oh...let them wonder. Aren't you having fun Tenchi?
Tenchi - (sighs) It is fun Ryoko but I don't think that it is fun for the 
people
who see us doing these things. Remember, they've never seen any from space
before, never mind someone who has extra-ordinary powers like you.
Ryoko - I guess. (smiles at Tenchi) Alright Tenchi, you win. We'll go back.
Tenchi - Thank you Ryoko.
Ryoko - (smiles) However, there is one thing I want to do before we go back. 
Do
you know how to use your teleportion power?
Tenchi - No, why?
Ryoko - Well...I was thinking of going somewhere but...oh, you'll never 
agree to
it. Never mind Tenchi, let's go back home (turns around to go back)
Tenchi - (grabs onto Ryoko's arm) No Ryoko, what were you going to say?
Ryoko - (smiles) Well, I was thinking about going to the planet Jurai. They 
have
some excellent shops and things to buy there Tenchi. We can go and walk 
outside
in the gardens and...
Tenchi - (puts a finger on Ryoko's lips) It's sounds fun Ryoko.
Ryoko - Really?
Tenchi - (smiles) Yes...we can go.
Ryoko - (grabs Tenchi in a hug) Oh thank you Tenchi.
Tenchi - We will need to tell the others where we are going first though 
Ryoko.
Ryoko - (sighs) Alright Tenchi (pulls him down to the ground to a phone box)
I'll ring home and tell them where we are going (pulls some money out of a
pocket)

(Meanwhile, Ayeka is walking through the house looking for Tenchi)

Ayeka - Oh...where could Lord Tenchi be? He is usually around the house
somewhere.

(Suddenly the telephone rings)

Ayeka - I'll get it! (runs to the phone) Hello, the Masaki household.
Ryoko - (whispers to Tenchi) Oh great, it's Ayeka.
Tenchi - (takes the phone from Ryoko) I'll talk to her then Ryoko.
Ryoko - Ok.
Tenchi - Ayeka, it's me Tenchi.
Ayeka - Oh Tenchi, where are you? I have been looking everywhere for you. I 
have
been worried about you.
Ryoko - (gags)
Tenchi - (laughs)
Ayeka - It's not funny Tenchi.
Tenchi - Oh...I wasn't laughing at you Ayeka. I was laughing at Ryoko.
Ayeka - That she-demon? Oh Tenchi, where are you? I'll come and get you 
straight
away!
Tenchi - No Ayeka. I'm alright. I just called you to tell you that me and 
Ryoko
are going to Jurai for the rest of the day...
Ryoko - (interrupts) And the night.
Tenchi - (looks at Ryoko)
Ryoko - Well...we might aswell stay the night Tenchi.
Tenchi - (sighs) Alright Ryoko.
Ryoko - (smiles)
Tenchi - We are staying the night aswell Ayeka. I just called so that you
wouldn't be worried about where we are.
Ayeka - You are staying the night on Jurai?
Tenchi - Yes Ayeka. So just tell the others where we are and not to worry 
about
us, ok?
Ayeka - But Tenchi...
Tenchi - Yes?
Ayeka - Nothing, I'll tell them.
Tenchi - Thank you Ayeka (puts the phone down)
Ryoko - Is everything ok Tenchi?
Tenchi - Yes, fine.
Ryoko - (grabs Tenchi in a hug) Come on Tenchi, I'll teleport us both there. 
I
can always teach you how to teleport later.
Tenchi - Alright.

(Meanwhile, Ayeka is walking through the house. Sasami comes into the house
after playing outside with Ryo-Ohki)

Sasami - Hey Ayeka!
Ayeka - Oh...Sasami.
Sasami - Where's Tenchi and Ryoko, Ayeka?
Ayeka - They've gone to Jurai for the rest of the day and the night.
Sasami - Oh, I'd better tell father and grandfather that Tenchi won't be 
joining
us for dinner.
Ayeka - (smiles) I guess.
Sasami - Are you alright Ayeka?
Ayeka - (sighs) Yes Sasami, I'm fine.

(On Jurai, in a big shopping centre)

Ryoko - (pulls out a shirt) Oh Tenchi, you would look wonderful in this.
Tenchi - (smiles) Ryoko, you shouldn't be looking at things for me. We came 
here
to look at the shops for you.
Ryoko - Well...I can look at stuff for you aswell, can't I? For my lovely 
guy.
Tenchi - (blushes) If you want Ryoko, you can.
Ryoko - (picks up about 6 changes of clothes for Tenchi and 6 for herself) 
Come
on, we'll go and try these on and give each other our opinions.
Tenchi - Alright.

(Tenchi eventually tried all of his clothes on and was waiting for Ryoko to 
come
out in her last outfit - a light blue short dress)

Ryoko - TENCHI! I'm coming out now.
Tenchi - I'm ready Ryoko.
Ryoko - (opens the curtain) So...what do you think??
Tenchi - (mouth is wide open) Er...erm...you...er...
Ryoko - Hmmmm?
Tenchi - (swallows) You look very beautiful in it Ryoko. That is your best
outfit so far.
Ryoko - You don't think that it makes me look fat, do you?
Tenchi - Far from it.
Ryoko - (smiles) Right, let's get all of these clothes then. Everything 
looked
great on you Tenchi.
Tenchi - Alright Ryoko.

(they both walk up to the cashier who runs their stuff through the till)

Tenchi - (looks at the overall cost) Ryoko! I don't have that kind of money 
on
me.
Ryoko - Oh...I wouldn't worry about that Tenchi.
Tenchi - What do you mean?
Cashier - Wait a moment, aren't you Prince Tenchi?
Tenchi - (looks at Ryoko) Prince Tenchi??
Ryoko - Well, because you are related to Yosho, that makes you a prince of
Jurai.
Tenchi - (looks at the cashier) Well...I guess I am then.
Cashier - Well then, I insist that you take all of these clothes free, your
highness.
Tenchi - But...
Ryoko - Leave it Tenchi, if they want us to take the clothes, just take 
them.
Tenchi - (puzzled) Ok.
Ryoko - (walks out of the shop) Well, that was lucky, wasn't it Tenchi?
Tenchi - I'll say.
Ryoko - (grabs hold of Tenchi) Come on Tenchi, I see a jewellery shop with
necklaces to die for.

(many shops later)

Tenchi - (sighs) I feel really bad taking all of this stuff without paying.
Ryoko - Tenchi, stop worrying. They've offered it to you. It would be rude 
not
to take it. Now, come on. Let's go for a walk through the gardens.

(Walk towards the gardens but are stopped by a young man by the name of 
Hanubi)

Hanubi - (taps Tenchi on the shoulder) Excuse me, but aren't you Prince 
Tenchi?
Tenchi - (sighs) Yes I am, but you don't have to call me Prince Tenchi.
Hanubi - Well your highness, I was wondering whether I may take your 
photograph
for our newspaper.
Tenchi - (looks at Ryoko) I shouldn't see why not.
Hanubi - Well, if you would just like to come this way, your Highness.
Tenchi - (follows Hanubi)
Hanubi - (looks at Ryoko) Excuse me miss but I am about to take a picture of 
his
highness Prince Tenchi and you are blocking the shot.
Tenchi - (taps Hanubi on the shoulder) Excuse me.
Hanubi - Yes, your Highness.
Tenchi - This beautiful woman happens to be my girlfriend. I refuse to be in 
any
picture without her.
Ryoko - (smiles at Tenchi)
Tenchi - (smiles back)
Hanubi - Oh...I am dreadfully sorry your Highness. I had no idea.
Tenchi - It's alright and enough with the 'your Highness'. Just call me 
Tenchi.
Hanubi - Yes, your Highness.
Tenchi - (rolls his eyes)

(Hanubi proceeds to take lots of pictures of Tenchi and Ryoko, including one
were Tenchi and Ryoko are kissing)

Hanubi - Ok, I think that's enough. Thank you for your co-operation, your
Highness.
Tenchi - No problem. (turns to Ryoko) Come on Ryoko, I believe that you owe 
me a
walk in the gardens.
Ryoko - (smiles)

(Meanwhile, back at the Masaki house, Washu is still busy trying to fix the
machine)

Washu - Whew...this machine is totally mixed up. Why can't Mihoshi just 
leave
things alone? I must remind myself next time I invent something to make it
Mihoshi-proof.
Doll A - You're the greatest Washu!!
Doll B - Washu's the best!!
Washu - (smiles) Right, now let's see...

(While Washu is fixing the machine, the rest of the girls are watching a 
soap
opera on the television)

Mihoshi - Oh...I've seen this one before. This is when...
Kiyone - (covers Mihoshi's mouth) Don't you dare say anything Mihoshi. We
haven't all seen it, you know.
Mihoshi - (mumbles under Kiyone's hand) Sorry.

(Suddenly, Mihoshi's galaxy police watch starts to beep. Mihoshi doesn't 
seem to
hear it)

Kiyone - MIHOSHI!!
Mihoshi - (looks at her watch) oh right, I guess we'd better go then Kiyone.
Kiyone - Yes, duty calls.
Mihoshi - (starts to watch T.V again)
Kiyone - MIHOSHI!!
Mihoshi - Oh...right.

(Mihoshi and Kiyone both disappear upstairs to change into their uniform. 
Then
they come back downstairs to go outside to Kiyone's ship)

Kiyone - We don't know what time we'll be back so don't wait up for us.
Sasami - See you later Kiyone and Mihoshi.
Mihoshi - Bye Sasami.
Kiyone - (grabs Mihoshi by her arm) Come on Mihoshi!!
Bijoshi - (looks at Sasami) Is she always like this?
Sasami - Pretty much. Why?
Bijoshi - (laughs) She's even worse in my time period!!

(On Yagami)

Kiyone - So...what's the assignment then Mihoshi??
Mihoshi - Nothing big Kiyone. We just have to go to Jurai and patrol around 
a
certain area. Apparently, the prince of Jurai is visiting and the people 
don't
want anything bad to happen to him.
Kiyone - Oh right, well we'd better get going then.

(Meanwhile, On Jurai)

Ryoko - (sits down on the ground) Oh Tenchi, doesn't the sunset look 
beautiful?
Tenchi - Yeah, I guess.
Ryoko - Tenchi, I can't believe that I am here with you. I promised to take 
you
on a journey with me and here we are, taking that journey.
Tenchi - (smiles) Well, I did say that I would go with you on a journey.
Ryoko - But I didn't think that we'd be taking a journey like we are - a 
couple.
Tenchi - (smile widens) Well we are, and we now know that this journey is 
going
to last forever.
Ryoko - I'm glad it will Tenchi.
Tenchi - (turns red) Me too. (sits beside Ryoko and wraps his arm around 
her)

(On Yagami)

Kiyone - We are nearly on Jurai, Mihoshi. (looks at Mihoshi who is fast 
asleep
on her chair) God, how many hours a day does she need to sleep? (shouts)
MIHOSHI!!!!
Mihoshi - (wakes up) H'uh...what...?
Kiyone - We are nearly there Mihoshi.
Mihoshi - Oh right Kiyone. How much longer?
Kiyone - About 5 minutes so don't fall asleep again Mihoshi.
Mihoshi - I wasn't asleep Kiyone, I was resting my eyes.
Kiyone - (rolls eyes)

(5 minutes go by)

Kiyone - This is First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi, from the Galaxy 
Police.
Requesting permission to land on Jurai.
Mihoshi - And First Class Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu!!
Kiyone - (sighs) (she directs Yagami onto the landing pad. When her craft 
has
landed, Mihoshi and Kiyone step out) Oh...good to be on the ground again.
Mihoshi - Yeah (yawns)
Kiyone - You can't still be tired, Mihoshi!
Mihoshi - (smiles) Never mind Kiyone, now that we are on Jurai, we get to 
spend
all of our time together, isn't that great??
Kiyone - <Perfect> Right Mihoshi, our boss has told us that the Prince and 
his
girlfriend are walking in the gardens. However, they do not know that we are
here so we are to keep a low profile and make sure that...MIHOSHI! ARE YOU
LISTENING TO ME?
Mihoshi - Yes of course I am Kiyone.
Kiyone - Anyway, they don't know that we are here and the people don't want 
them
to know that we are here. Mihoshi, we are here on this mission and we are 
not
here to clothes shop or anything like that. Understood?
Mihoshi - (wasn't listening) Did you say something Kiyone?
Kiyone - (mutters) I don't know why I bother.

(In the Jurai Gardens)

Ryoko - I'd forgotten how wonderful and beautiful the flowers are around 
here.
Tenchi - Yeah...Ryoko, I have only seen this side of you once, I wish that 
you
would show it more. You don't have to keep up your tough space-pirate 
attitude
all the time.
Ryoko - But I have to Tenchi. If I don't Ayeka will steal you away from me 
and I
never want that to happen.
Tenchi - (pulls Ryoko closer to him) That will never happen Ryoko, now come 
on.
We'd better check into a hotel for the night.
Ryoko - Alright Tenchi
Tenchi - (helps her up)

Kiyone - Mihoshi, I have just received words that the prince and his 
girlfriend
have left the gardens to go and find a...MIHOSHI! STOP LOOKING AT THE 
CLOTHES IN
THAT WINDOW AND LISTEN!!
Mihoshi - oh...sorry Kiyone.
Kiyone - Well, the prince and his girlfriend are apparently looking for a 
hotel
to stay the night. We don't know which hotel yet...oh, wait a minute, I 
think
that they are going into the Diamond Hotel...

Tenchi - Ryoko! This place looks really expensive.
Ryoko - But remember Tenchi, we get everything free.
Tenchi - (stalls) I guess...
Tenchi - (grabs Tenchi and pulls him inside the hotel) Come on Tenchi!
Tenchi - Woah!

(Inside, the hotel is beautifully laid out. The carpet on the floor is red 
and
looks brand new. There are chandeliers everywhere and everything appears to 
be
made out of gold, silver and precious gems. All the workers wear either 
black
tuxedos or black dresses and everything sparkles with the light. It is like
being in the Plaza Hotel in London only 10 times better.)

Tenchi - (stands still with mouth wide open. He is completely gob-smacked)
Ryoko - Wow! Look at this place Tenchi. I've been to some fancy hotels in my
time but this one outranks them all.
Tenchi - How?
Ryoko - Well remember, I was a space-pirate before and...
Tenchi - (holds up hand) I don't want to know.
Ryoko - (laughs) Come on Tenchi (pulls Tenchi towards the reception desk) 
Let's
go get us a room!!!
Tenchi - Alright Ryoko (he stops Ryoko and suddenly they appear at the 
reception
desk)
Ryoko - Tenchi, did you...?
Tenchi - I guess I did.
Ryoko - Wow! You've learnt how to teleport without my help!!
Tenchi - (smiles) (rings the bell on the counter)

(A man wearing a white shirt, black trousers, black tuxedo and black tie 
walks
up to the desk)

Man - Can I help you sir?
Tenchi - Er...can we have a room for two please?
Man - (looks at Tenchi) I'm sorry sir but you are inappropriately dressed 
for
this hotel. Why don't you try the hotel opposite, I'm sure they take your 
type
of people.

(Suddenly, a woman working next to the man whispers in his ear. The man goes
bright red with embarrassment.)

Man - Oh...erm, your Highness, Prince Tenchi, please forgive me. I did not 
know
that it was you.
Tenchi - (scratches the back of his head) Well, I guess that I'm not exactly
dressed like a prince. An easy mistake to make.
Man - I apologise, please forgive me.
Tenchi - Don't worry, it's alright.
Man - Naturally, I will dismiss myself at once.
Tenchi - No, it's alright. You're doing a fine job.
Man - Oh, thank you sir. Now, a room for two sir?
Tenchi - Yes please.
Man - (picks a key off a hook and hands it to Tenchi) Here you are your
Highness, room number 100, our royal suite.
Tenchi - Why, thank you (takes the key)

Kiyone - Right Mihoshi...(looks at the sign above the hotel that says 
Diamond
Hotel) We are going in...(looks at Mihoshi who is chatting to one of the
doormen)
Mihoshi - So anyway...we've been sent to keep an eye out on the prince and
his...
Kiyone - (puts her hand over Mihoshi's mouth) You always say one word too 
many!!
(pulls Mihoshi inside the hotel with her)Now Mihoshi, we must stay hidden 
from
sight ok?
Mihoshi - Did you say something Kiyone?
Kiyone - (shrugs shoulders) Come on Mihoshi. Right according to our sources, 
the
prince and his girlfriend are at the reception desk just getting their key 
for
room 100, the royal suite. MIHOSHI!!
Mihoshi - Hmmm?
Kiyone - Never mind (Kiyone looks over to the reception desk) Well, the only
people I see there are Tenchi and Ryoko...
Mihoshi - Oh...we should go over and say hi!
Kiyone - (tries to stop Mihoshi from going over but it is too late)
Mihoshi - hi Guys!! (waves)
Tenchi - (turns around and is slightly startled to see Mihoshi but smiles)
Oh...hi Mihoshi. What are you doing here?
Mihoshi - Oh well, we've been sent here to protect the prince and his 
girlfriend
while they're visiting here. They're not supposed to know so don't tell 
them.
Tenchi - (turns around to see Kiyone approaching) Is this true Kiyone?
Kiyone - (sighs) Yes but our equipment is on the blink. It keeps telling me 
that
the prince and his girlfriend are at the reception desk but the only two 
people
here are you and Ryoko.
Tenchi - Well, I can tell you Kiyone that your equipment is not on the blink
because I am...er...we are the prince and girlfriend.
Kiyone - What????
Tenchi - Well, 'cause my grandfather was Yosho, I am a prince of Jurai.
Kiyone - Of course, I should have remembered (bangs her head with her hand)
Tenchi - It's alright Kiyone, don't worry about it. It could have easily 
have
been some other prince. I'm not the only prince of Jurai.
Kiyone - Yes, I guess you're right Tenchi. Well, we've failed our mission
Mihoshi thanks to you, again!
Tenchi - What did you have to do?
Kiyone - Just follow you and make sure that you were alright but you weren't
supposed to know about it.
Tenchi - Well Kiyone, if your boss gives you a hard time about it, I'll have 
a
word with them, is that alright?
Kiyone - Oh...thank you Tenchi (turns to Mihoshi) Come on Mihoshi, we'd 
better
be heading back now.
Mihoshi - Alright Kiyone, see you later!!!
Tenchi and Ryoko - (wave) Bye!!

Ryoko - (looks at Tenchi and sighs) I can't believe that in the future, you 
give
Mihoshi a promotion aswell!
Tenchi - Yeah, I am slightly confused about that. Oh well (jingles the key 
in
front of Ryoko) Shall we go up to our room?
Ryoko - (smiles)

(10 minutes later- in room 100)

Tenchi - Wow!! This place is so big!
Ryoko - Well we are in the royal suite Tenchi!
Tenchi - (smiles)
Ryoko - (sits down on the bed and pats a place beside her)
Tenchi - (goes and sits down next to Ryoko)
Ryoko - (starts to kiss Tenchi on the face) So Tenchi, what are we going to 
do
tomorrow??
Tenchi - Erm...(blushes) I...I don't know...
Ryoko - (starts kissing Tenchi's neck) Well... it's up to you Tenchi.
Tenchi - Er...I...erm...hmmm...
Ryoko - (stops kissing Tenchi and looks straight into his big brown eyes) We 
can
decide tomorrow can't we??
Tenchi - (smiles and pulls Ryoko in for another kiss) I guess we can...

(fades out)


