          (Author’s Notes)

          Sorry for the long wait, but this is my updated story of
          my first chapter.  I only have a few
          more mouths before I head to Basic Training so I don’t
          have a lot of time to finish my long story.  I
          hope you enjoyed my other first chapter because this is
          much better, I have changed the story line
          completely but has basically the same idea.  I’ll let
          you read the story and find out what has changed.
          Please e-mail me!  Send all e-mails to my new e-mail
          address missionman007@military.com (it was
          missionman007@hotmail.com to remind you) and I’ll get
          back to anyone who e-mails me.   I forgot to
          tell you in my last story but my name is Victor Monzon,
          its Spanish for those who are wondering.
          I’m also know as Missionman007 because I am always on
          some kind of mission.  One of my missions
          is introduce a theory that I have about Dimensional
          Travel.  My theory is that it is possible to travel
          into a world such as Tenchi’s and live in his world just
          as you would ours, in other words, no cartoon
          Tenchi but the real thing.  But there’s only on problem,
          I can’t prove it do to the fact we don’t have
          the technology to travel through time and space let
          alone leave our own planet. That is why I have
          decided to right this story to show anyone who reads
          this story how it might be possible to live in our
          fantasies.  I know that some of you out there will read
          this and think I’m a nut case but hey we’re
          only human so dream on.  When you read this story,
          you’ll find out about my special abilities in
          Tenchi’s world are a little farfetched.  However, if my
          theory is correct it might be possible to have
          them in other dimensions.  Well enough with my jabber
          read and enjoy the story and let me know
          what you think.   Of course as you know I don’t own the
          characters.

          (Story Summery)

          What would happen if a person were able to enter another
          world; and live in that world just
          as if they were in this world?  However, they would lose
          all memory and be given powers that would
          become one of the most powerfulest in the universe.  In
          this story Tenchi will have a new character
          and that character is me.  The story mainly takes place
          in the year 2003 with me being the youngest
          and smartest mechanical engineer of the First Dimension
          (also know as the dimension we live in) who
          was once a genetically enhanced COMSAT-XE soldier from
          the year 2200 of the Fourth Dimension
          (also know as Tenchi Maskai’s dimension).  In my new
          life as a mechanical engineer I was called up
          to work for the United States Government, to work on a
          device that could travel to other dimensions.
          While working on the project the man that was replaced
          knocked me unconscious and sent me to
          another dimension by using the device.  I ended up in
          Japan in another dimension not being able to
          remember anything on how I got there and why.  Later on
          I run into a young man named Tenchi
          Maskai who takes me in after saving his life.  The
          trouble begins when I find out he lives with six
          women from outer-space.  As the story goes on, I start
          to remember my past as my past powers in the
          Fourth Dimension begin to form.  The question is do I
          decide to go back and seek my revenge on the
          man who sent me to Tenchi’s dimension or do I stay with
          the Tenchi household forever?

          (Opening Song)

          “Enough”
          By Gravity Kills

          I love the thill, I love the scene.  Imagine you
          in the white light, So beautiful, you watch me bleed
          You're stabbing me from inside me now, Kneel down and
          tell me
          about your world, Tell me something that I don't know
          You know nothing about the world around you.
          It's not enough broken in two, It's not enough speaking
          the truth
          It's not enough watching me bleed, It's not enough
          torn in between It's not enough--I'm watching you
          distorted view, So beautiful in the white light
          It's make believe, all that you see, It's haunting you
          from inside now, Kneel down and tell me about your
          world, Show me something inside your world, You know
          nothing about the world around you--It's not enough
          broken in two It's not enough speaking the truth
          It's not enough watching me bleed, It's not enough torn
          in
          between, It's not enough--Sometimes in me, you are
          the seed, A dying need in the white light.
          The simple truth, it speaks to me.  It's screaming out
          from inside now.  Kneel down and tell me about your
          world
          Tell me something that I don't know.  You know nothing
          about the world around you--It's not enough broken in
          two,
          It's not enough speaking the truth, It's not enough
          watching
          me bleed, It's not enough torn in between
          It's not enough broken in two, It's not enough speaking
          the
          truth It's not enough watching me blee it’s not enough
          torn in between It's not enough.

          “When Two World’s Clash”
          (The Beginning of the COMSAT-XE)

          It was November 22, 1981, the newly formed United Space
          Combat-AE-2000, also know as
          USC-ae-2K, assembled the World’s Best Deep-Space Special
          Forces Unit code named;
          “COMSAT-XE”.  Professor Frank Hast, founder of
          USC-ae-2K, sought to form the best genetically
          altered men in the Universe to defend the planets Earth
          and Juri from enemy threat.  Out of 150
          genetically altered men, Donny Haas; born in 1982, and
          I; born in 1983, were picked as test subjects
          in the newest type of experiential genetic technology.
           Unlike to other 148 men, whom were only
          fifteen times stronger and faster then any man.  Donny
          and I where genetically altered to be fifty to
          sixty times stronger and faster then the Universe’s
          Strongest Man.  Both of us were also given
          immortality, the ability to regenerate, and fitted with
          a special indestructible armor called
          Erumtanium.
          Our abilities along with our armor was what made Donny
          and I the most feared men in the
          universe.  It was proven on July 11, 2001, when the out
          break of the First Universal War between
          Earth, Juri, and a planet called Oder.  Oder, located
          10,000,000 light years from Juri, sent a invasion
          force that was larger and more advanced the any Jurian
          Fleet.  Its objective was to attack all the
          known planets and slowly move to Juri with the intent of
          taking over.  The first battle took place on
          Earth itself when the invasion force of the planet Oder
          attacked the United States without warning.
          The United States suffered greatly with the lost of all
          of its forces in the battle.  It was to be called the
          “Deadliest War in United States History” until the
          President George W. Bush cought word of the
          experimental COMSAT-XE.  He called for the small unit in
          hopes of saving what was left of the
          United States.  When Dr. Hast answered his call, Bush
          sent the unit to Mars, believed to be were the
          invasion force was stationed, to destroy any alien force
          inhabited there.
          After landing on the red planet a mouth later, Donny and
          I lead our forces into the
          inhabitable red planet.  With the help of the Jurian
          Army we were able to fight off the robot forces
          that occupied the battlefield; however, the Jurian Army
          suffered just as greatly as the United States
          did in the first battle.  After week into the “Battle
          for Mars” the Jurian Army pulled out and left me
          and my unit to finish the war.  It wasn’t until a year
          into the war were we able to destroy most of the
          invasion force on Mars.  The last Battle was to take
          place on Venus and we were at the brink of
          defeating the last of the invasion force.  At the same
          time it was believed that a Space Pirate called
          Ryoko was fighting among the Venus battlefield.  By
          order from the Juri’s Government I was to find
          Ryoko and bring he to Juri dead or alive.  The bringing
          in of the Space Pirate Ryoko was given to me
          as a new objective sense we were winning the war and I
          was the only person believed to be a match
          for her.  After the “Battle for Venus” was over I was
          left behind to find and capture Ryoko at any
          cost.

          To be Continued...
          (What’s Next)

          That is my first part of my story its a little short but
           I hope you still liked it the next part is
          called, “COMSAT-XE vs. Ryoko”.  It should be done by the
          1st of February.  I plan to send at least
          two parts a week and hopefully be done before I leave so
          let me know what you think.

          Oh before I forget a friend and I are working on a new
          Tenchi Muyo
          computer game we are looking for anyone who knows how to
          make 3D models and
          knows a little about game programming.  I am in charge
          of the story line and
          finding the equipment needed.  My friend is the Chief
          Programmer.  All we need are
          Modelers and Programmers we don’t care what country your
          from so long as you
          can read and write in English.  This is just for fun we
          can’t pay you for your work
          but we will make sure you will get the credit for the
          help in the making of the game.
          So if your interested E-mail me and provide some
          information about yourself.  If
          you qualify for the job I will give you the info about
          the story line, type, and plat
          form of the game.