Act 2 Scene 2

(takes place the next day - Day 2 of Bijoshi's stay in this time period. 
This
scene starts on Jurai in Ryoko and Tenchi's hotel room)

Tenchi - (wakes up and looks at Ryoko who is staring at Tenchi) Good morning
Ryoko.
Ryoko - (smiles) Good morning Tenchi, sleep well?
Tenchi - (pulls Ryoko closer and kisses her)Of course I did with you by my 
side.
Come on, let's get up. We can take a walk around Jurai before we go back 
home.
Ryoko - (smiles) Alright Tenchi (gets out of bed and transforms into her 
brand
new blue dress)How do I look?
Tenchi - (smiles) You look lovely.
Ryoko - Thank you Tenchi.

(Suddenly, they hear a knock on the door)

Tenchi - Come in! It's open.

(the door opens to reveal a woman dressed in a black dress with a white 
apron)

Woman - Room service, sir.
Tenchi - (looks at Ryoko) We didn't order any room service, did we?
Ryoko - (shakes her head)
Woman - You didn't have to order it sir. This is from the hotel with their
compliments. (sets up a tray beside the bed. On the tray are 2 full 
breakfasts,
2 glasses of fresh orange juice and a newspaper)
Tenchi - Well, thank you.

(woman walks out of the room, leaving Tenchi and Ryoko to enjoy their 
breakfast)

Tenchi - Let's have a look at the paper Ryoko.
Ryoko - (picks up the paper and almost faints)
Tenchi - What is it Ryoko?
Ryoko - We are on the front page, Tenchi!!
Tenchi - We are??
Ryoko - (nods)
Tenchi - (grabs hold of the paper and looks at the front page. The headline
reads, 'Public thrilled to see Prince back on his home planet') 'Yesterday, 
the
Prince Tenchi and his girlfriend, the ex-space pirate Ryoko, arrived on 
Jurai
for their first visit since the Kagato incident almost 6 months ago. Prince
Tenchi's heroic activities saved the planet Jurai from certain disaster and
every member of the public wishes to show their gratitude for his deed...'
(reads)
Ryoko - Wow Tenchi!! You're a Prince and the planet's most favourite 
person!!
Tenchi - (continues to read on) 'His girlfriend, the demon and ex-space 
pirate
Ryoko, has also been given the royal treatment on Jurai. Although she nearly
destroyed Jurai many years ago, she has been forgiven for this deed as she
helped Prince Tenchi remove the fake emperor Yosho...'
Ryoko - They always have to drag up my past don't they? I couldn't help it, 
I
was under Kagato's control!! It wasn't my fault!
Tenchi - (pulls Ryoko close) I know Ryoko, they'll stop mentioning it with 
time.
Now come on, finish your breakfast and we'll go for a walk.

(Meanwhile, on Earth, in the Masaki living room, Sasami and Bijoshi are 
playing
a quiet game of charades while Mihoshi and Kiyone are talking to Ayeka)

Mihoshi - Anyway when we got to Jurai for our mission, you'll never guess 
who we
were asked to protect...
Ayeka - Whom??
Mihoshi - The Prince of Jurai and his girlfriend who happened to be Tenchi 
and
Ryoko!!
Ayeka - WHAT??? Kiyone, is this true?
Kiyone - (sighs) Yes, it was something I should have remembered aswell.
Ayeka - Jurai are treating that she-demon like the Queen? And Tenchi like 
the
King?
Kiyone - Well...I guess so. We were sent to protect them.
Ayeka - Well...if they have already accepted Tenchi and Ryoko as the future
rulers of Jurai, were does that leave me?
Bijoshi - Here with Sasami.
Ayeka - Pardon?
Bijoshi - I did say that my mother and father become King and Queen of Jurai 
and
that you and Sasami stay here to live. No-one ever listens to me.
Ayeka - I did hear you Miss Bijoshi but, I just...I didn't believe it.
Bijoshi - Well, it does happen. Remember, I've seen it.
Sasami - Alright Bijoshi (draws a box in the air)
Bijoshi - It's a TV programme.
Sasami - (holds 3 fingers up)
Bijoshi - 3 words.

(Meanwhile, in Washu's lab)

Washu - Well, I'm half-way there to getting this machine in complete working
order again.
Doll A - Washu's the greatest!!
Washu - (smiles) Right, where did I put that screwdriver?

(Meanwhile, On Jurai)

Ryoko - Isn't it wonderful here, Tenchi?
Tenchi - (grabs hold of Ryoko's hand) Sure is. And the people here are so
friendly (waves to a passer by)
Ryoko - Well, you are the Prince of Jurai after all Tenchi.
Tenchi - I guess. Hold on Ryoko, before we go, I just want to do some 
shopping
on my own. Let's meet here in about 15 minutes.
Ryoko - Alright Tenchi (kisses him and then disappears)
Tenchi - (smiles and then starts to head towards a store called 'Antique
Jewellery.'

(15 minutes later)

Tenchi - (is stood at the meeting place waiting for Ryoko. Suddenly, he sees
her.)
Ryoko - (she starts to run towards him)
Tenchi - (picks Ryoko up in his arms and swings her around in the air)
Ryoko - I missed you.
Tenchi - (smiles) I was only gone for 15 minutes.
Ryoko - It felt like forever to me.
Tenchi - (smile widens) Come on, we'd better get home. (grabs Ryoko's hand 
and
teleports them both back to Earth and outside the Masaki house)
Ayeka - (was looking through the window and saw them both arrive) Tenchi is
here!
Everyone - (runs to the door to greet Tenchi and Ryoko home)
Tenchi - (opens the door and is surprised to see everyone stood at the door) 
Hi
guys!
Ayeka - (grabs Tenchi by the arm) Oh Tenchi, I was so worried about you. Are 
you
alright?
Tenchi - (releases Ayeka) I told you where I was Ayeka.
Ayeka - I know you did Tenchi but I thought that that she-demon could have 
done
something awful to you.
Tenchi - Well, Ryoko didn't do anything awful to me Ayeka and...please stop
calling her that.

(Tenchi and Ryoko walk into the living room and sit on the couch together.
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ayeka and Washu sit on another couch, Nobuyuki and Yosho 
sit on
a chair each and Sasami, Bijoshi and Ryo-Ohki sit on the floor.)

Tenchi - (sighs and begins to breathe very deeply)
Ryoko - (worried) Are you alright Tenchi?
Tenchi - (smiles) I'm fine Ryoko, in fact I'm perfect. I have a very special
announcement to make to everyone. I have been dating Ryoko now for a couple 
of
months and don't believe that I could ever be away from her.
Ryoko - (smiles)
Tenchi - That is why (gets off the couch and gets down on one knee by Ryoko.
Pulls a box out of his pocket, opens the box and reveals a small diamond and
platinum ring) (takes one of Ryoko's hands and holds the ring in the other) 
I am
asking you Ryoko whether you will do me the greatest honour of becoming my 
wife.
Everyone - (is speechless)
Ryoko - (takes the ring from Tenchi's hand) I...I...I...(tears start to fall
down her cheeks) I will Tenchi (grabs hold of Tenchi in a big hug)
Tenchi - (hugs Ryoko back and starts to cry himself with joy)
Nobuyuki - Way to go Tenchi!!! (cheers)
Tenchi - (blushes)
Washu - (starts to cry herself) Oh...my little Ryoko has finally grown up!!
Ryoko - MOM!!!
Ayeka - (turns towards Ryoko) I guess I should congratulate you and Tenchi,
Ryoko. But I'm not going to, Miss Ryoko.
Tenchi - Ayeka, please I know that you are still upset about my decision but 
I
couldn't choose all of you. I wish I could but it's just not possible.
Ayeka - I just don't understand though, how you could choose that demon 
against
me. You and I are related Tenchi, doesn't that mean anything?
Tenchi - Of course it does Ayeka. However, Ryoko has loved me since I was a
little boy. She has known me longer than any of you girls. She did not know
anything about my Jurai history and you seem only interested in me because 
I'm
of a Jurai background.
Ayeka - Now...that is not true Lord Tenchi.
Tenchi - I'm sorry Ayeka but...you know that I cannot and will not change my
mind. You will just have to accept the fact that I am going to be with 
Ryoko.
Ryoko - (smiles)
Washu - Right well, this is been a very touching scene but I need to be 
getting
back to my lab. (turns towards Bijoshi) I have nearly finished fixing my 
machine
Bijoshi. You should be able to go home at about lunch time tomorrow.
Bijoshi - Thank you grandmother. Now, excuse me everyone but I am kind of
sleepy. I think I might go to bed.
Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi and Kiyone - Yeah.
Yosho - And I should be getting back to the shrine.

(Soon, everyone has left the living room. Everyone except Ryoko, Tenchi and
Nobuyuki.)

Nobuyuki - So...my son Tenchi has finally got himself a beautiful bride 
(turns
towards Ryoko) I will be deliriously happy to have you as my 
daughter-in-law,
Ryoko. (turns to Tenchi) Oh Tenchi, I'm so happy for you (grabs Tenchi in a
bone-crunching hug)
Tenchi - DAD!! (blushes)
Ryoko - (smiles)
Nobuyuki - (lets go of Tenchi who is just starting to turn blue) Well...I'd
better leave you two - ALONE.
Tenchi - DAD!!
Nobuyuki - (laughs) Kids!! (goes upstairs to bed)
Ryoko - Your dad sure seems happy.
Tenchi - (smiles) He sure does. And...are you happy Ryoko?
Ryoko - Of course I am Tenchi!! I feel like I'm living a dream.
Tenchi - (pulls Ryoko up) Come on, let's go to bed.
Ryoko - (smiles)


