Act 2 Scene 3

(this scene starts the next day - Day 3 of Bijoshi's stay in this time 
period.
It starts in Washu's lab where she is putting on the final touches to her
machine.)

Washu - Whew...nearly finished. (looks at her laptop) Yep...the energy bar 
is
nearly full. It should be in full working order soon...OH NO!!!
Doll A - What is it Washu??
Washu - I have discovered a side-affect of sending Bijoshi back to her own 
time
period. Oh no...I'll have to try and find a way to get rid of it (taps on 
her
laptop)
Doll B - You can do it Washu!!
Washu - (sighs) No...I can't. Oh no, I suppose I'd better tell the others.

(Meanwhile, everyone else is downstairs enjoying an early lunch <it's 11
o'clock>.)

Bijoshi - I'll be able to go back home soon!!
Ayeka - I'm pleased for you Bijoshi.
Sasami - I'll miss you Bijoshi.
Bijoshi - Well Sasami, next time you see me will be in about a year's time.
Sasami - And I can't wait till that time Bijoshi. I bet that you are a cute
baby!!

(Washu enters)

Bijoshi - So grandmother, have you fixed your machine??
Washu - Yes.
Bijoshi - So...does that mean that I can go back home?
Washu - Yes.
Bijoshi - (cheers) Yes!!! (looks at everyone) I'll miss you all, but...I'll 
see
you all soon!
Sasami - (hugs Bijoshi) This time will be kept as one of my greatest 
memories.
Washu - (mutters) No it won't.
Tenchi - Did you say something Washu??
Washu - I said no it won't. You see Tenchi, there is a side-affect to 
sending
Bijoshi back to her own time period.
Tenchi - Which is?
Washu - None of us will remember her visit. It will be completely wiped from 
all
our memories - including yours Bijoshi.
Bijoshi - So...so, all that information I gave my mother and father...
Washu - They won't remember any of it.
Bijoshi - So...Tokimi...
Washu - She won't destroy them, don't worry Bijoshi. They are already quite 
well
prepared for what lies ahead. They just will not know about it in advance. 
They
still have a good chance of beating my sister...have faith Bijoshi. Your 
mother
and father are strong...they will win.
Bijoshi - (gives a weak smile) So...I guess I should be saying a proper 
farewell
then (turns to Sasami) I guess that this will be the last time I will see 
you.
Sasami - (starts to cry) I guess so... (grabs Bijoshi in a hug) I'll miss 
you.
Bijoshi - You'll see me soon, you just won't be able to remember.
Sasami - I wish I could (turns to Washu) Isn't there anything you can do 
Washu?
Washu - No, I'm sorry Sasami but this scientific genius is stumped. I just 
can't
find out why fixing my machine should cause a side affect like this. (turns 
to
Bijoshi) Are you ready Bijoshi??
Bijoshi - Yes grandmother.

(10 minutes later, In Washu's lab)

Washu - (starts tapping on her laptop) Bijoshi, please stand in front of the
machine. Then I can start the transportation process (hands everyone a pair 
of
goggles) Please everyone, put these on.
Mihoshi - What are these for Washu?
Washu - Well...when Bijoshi travels back to her own time period, the 
dimension
tear will cause a bright blue light. Without these goggles, this light can 
blind
you PERMENATLEY!
Mihoshi - Oh right...
Washu - You don't understand do you Mihoshi?
Mihoshi - Er...no.
Washu - Get out of my way. Someone else explain it to her.
Kiyone - Right Mihoshi, get this through your thick skull. There will be a
bright light that will blind you if you don't wear the goggles, ok??
Mihoshi - (makes the ok sign with her hand) Ok Kiyone.
Washu - Thank God for that. Right...everyone got their goggles on?
Everyone - Check!
Washu - Right Bijoshi...are you ready?
Bijoshi - Yes grandmother.
Washu - (presses a large red button on the side of the machine) Ok, here we 
go.

(The machine stirs to shudder and shake. Suddenly, a bright blue light 
flashes.
Bijoshi turns around to wave goodbye to everyone. Then, she is gone.)

