Disclaimer:  This story features characters that weren‘t created by me, 
they were created by Masaki Kajishima.  I don‘t own these characters 
either, they are owned by Pioneer LDC.  The author only owns the 
story and the characters he has created.  I do not write this for profit, 
only for the pleasure of writing.  Suing me would by pointless since I 
have no money or assets.

This story mentions a character I have created called Akito, all you 
need to know about him now is that he is Sasami‘s husband.  I’ll put 
more information about him in up coming chapters.

==============

Tenchi Muyo!
When I Grow Up...
Chapter One
A Day in the Life

==============


	Prince Tenchi of Jurai awoke to the sound of a Thunderclap.   
It was raining again.  ‘It has been raining for the past two weeks’ he 
thought to himself and sighed.  Jurai’s rainy season was the only time 
of the year he didn’t think Jurai was beautiful.  He had always hated 
the rain ever since he was little and his mother would not let him go 
out play in the rain.  “You’ll get a soaked head and get sick,” she had
 always told him.

	Tenchi looked over at his clock.  It was fifteen minutes earlier 
than when he would normally get up.   ’Well I could stay in bed for a
 little while until it ’s time to get up or get up now and start my day 
early’ he thought pensively.  When he realized he would not be able 
to get back to sleep, he decided to get up.

	“Lights,” he uttered and the room lit up.  He rubbed his eyes 
as they adjusted to the light.  He pulled the red covers off of himself 
and rolled out of bed.  He walked over to his bathroom, got 
undressed, and got in the shower.  When he satisfied that he had 
cleaned himself thoroughly he got out of the shower and put a 
bathrobe on.  He then used his sonic scrubber to clean his teeth and 
dried his long violet hair.  He braided his hair into single ponytail and 
looked into the mirror to check for any white heads or pimples on his 
face. Fortunately there were not any.

	Every day when Tenchi looked into the mirror he noticed his 
brown eyes.  His eyes were a sign of the human blood that flowed 
through his veins; Jurians did not have brown eyes if they were 
pureblooded.  For a long time he had hated his eyes, he thought that 
his human blood caused the problems that his mother had with 
certain conservative members of Jurai society.  Some people didn’t 
like the fact that the Crown Prince of Jurai was part human and they 
demanded that his mother remarry and produce a new heir.  His 
mother had of course refused and told her critics that they should be 
so lucky to have her son as the Crown Prince.  

	Once he thought of getting a gene factor conversion to change 
the color of his eyes to red like his mother’s.  When he asked for his 
mother’s permission she had angrily refused to let him and told him 
that he had his father’s eyes and if he changed them that there would 
be no sign that he was father’s son.  She also told him that his human 
ancestry was not his problem, it was only the problem of close-minded 
bigots.  “You should be proud of your human heritage,” she had said 
“Although humans are short lived they have done great things and are 
just as smart and good as Jurians, and besides, your father would not 
want you to be ashamed of your humanity.”  He didn’t hate his eyes 
anymore; he sort of liked looking exotic and different from the other 
people around him.

	Tenchi got out of the bathroom and went to his dresser to pick 
out his clothes for the day.  On top of his dresser where holograms of 
his mother, aunt, and grandmothers.  He didn’t have and holograms of
his father, only flat two dimensional images in frames his mother and 
aunt called “photographs.”  He had never met his father, he had died 
before he was born, and he often wondered what it would be like if his 
father had lived.  Women had raised him and it would have been nice to 
have to have met his father at least once.  He felt sorry for his mother 
because she had only been married to his father for a few days before he 
died.

	The young prince selected his clothes for the day and got dressed.  
The final object he picked up was the sword Tenchiken.  The sword had 
belonged to his father and great-grandfather and now the sword 
belonged to him, a birthday present from his mother.  Tenchiken didn’t 
look all that impressive at first, other than the single red jewel on the 
pommel; it looked like any other Jurian sword.  He knew that wasn’t true, 
Tenchiken was an extremely powerful weapon and key.  With it he could 
carry he could carry on the legacy of his great-grandfather and father.  
He tucked Tenchiken into his belt.

	The last two things he did before he went downstairs for 
breakfast was to gather his pajamas from the bathroom and place them 
in his dirty clothes bin and make his bed.  Unlike other princes before 
him, Tenchi didn’t have servants clean his room for him.  Tenchi’s 
mother always insisted that he keep his own room clean.  If he didn’t 
keep his room clean he would be punished.  Once he had finished 
making the bed he left his room and started his day.

	The palace was always a bustle of activity.  Really the palace 
never closed only the Royal Family did (they have to sleep sometime).  
Every day the palace officials worked on hundreds of reports, 
received hundreds visitors, lead tours though the palace, answered 
the palace’s electronic mail, and attended to various details of running 
the Empire.  	

	As Tenchi walked through the halls various officials nodded to 
him as they passed by.  Tenchi returned their nods and continued 
down the hall.

	The only person in the dining room when he arrived was his 
Aunt Sasami.  His aunt sometimes cooked for him and his family, she 
had even taught her nephew how to cook, but she was very busy 
women helping her sister run the Empire and had very little time to 
cook any more.  The Palace chefs prepared most Tenchi’s meals.  
Tenchi could cook as well but he was busy, and didn’t have time to 
prepare meals.  Aunt Sasami’s cooking was rare treat.	

	“Good Morning,” she said as she put down her cup of tea, 
“You’re up early earlier than usual.” 

	“Good Morning, I got up early,” Tenchi said.

	“Oh? Let me guess, the thunder woke you up,” Sasami 
inquired.

	“Yes,” Tenchi replied with some embarrassment.

	You’ve always been a light sleeper, I guess you get that from 
me,” she teased, “Don’t worry the rain will turned off this afternoon.”

	“Where is everyone else?” Tenchi asked.

	“Well it’s still far to early for your mother to be up,” Sasami 
giggled “Uncle Akito is back on earth, your Grandmother Funaho 
had to start work early today, and your Grandmother should be here 
any minute now.”

	As if on queue, Lady Misaki appeared behind Tenchi as gave 
him a strong hug.  “Good Morning, my dearest little Tenchi,” she 
said happily, “I hope you had sweet dreams.”

	“Good morning grandma,” Tenchi replied enthusiastically.  
“Yes, I had very sweet dreams last night.”  Tenchi always felt 
somewhat embrassed by his grandmother’s overly affectionate nature.

	“Oh good,” she said, “I thought maybe last night’s storm 
scared you again.”  Tenchi blushed with embarrassment, when he was 
younger thunder had always scared him and sent him running to his 
mother for protection.  Thunder was another reason Tenchi hated the 
rain.

	“Little Sasami,” Lady Misaki asked, “Where is little Ayeka?”

	“Mother.” Sasami said with embarrassment, “Ayeka and I 
are far too old for you to be calling us little.”

 	“What?” Lady Misaki arched an eyebrow “Mother?”

	“Sorry mommy,” Sasami knew it was best not to fight her 
mother.

	“And besides,” Lady Misaki said “you’re my children, I made 
you and I can call you what ever I want to.” 

	Tenchi’s mother finally stepped in to the room.  She was still 
wiping the sleep from her eyes, as Aunt Sasami had always said her 
sister was not a “morning person.”  But still she was fully dressed and 
ready for the day.  “She must be able to get dressed in her sleep;” 
Aunt Sasami had once joked.

	“Good morning all,” Ayeka said sleepily. 

	“Good afternoon,” everyone said in unison.

	“I wish you had not started that little tradition,” Ayeka said as 
she gave her sister a sore look.  Sasami just giggled.

	Tenchi knew his aunt’s joke wasn’t entirely fair.  His mother 
worked very hard to take care of the empire and to take care of him.  
She usually got up on time but she never got enough sleep.  No 
wonder she was always sleepy or when she got a day off (a rare 
event) she liked too sleep in till the afternoon.  But still Aunt 
Sasami’s joke was funny.

	“Oh Sister, you need to lighten up,” Sasami said “besides 
we always hurt the ones we love.”

	“Well, you certainly don’t need to make jokes at my 
expense,” Ayeka lectured.  Sasami giggled again. 

	“Oh little Ayeka, your sister doesn’t mean you any harm, 
and besides it’s all in good fun.” Lady Misaki explained.

	“Et tu mother?” Ayeka said.  Only Ayeka could get a way 
with calling her mother that, Sasami and Akito had to call Lady 
Misaki mommy.  Tenchi could not refer to his grandmother as 
grandmother; he had to call her grandma.  
	
	Ayeka turned to her son and said “and I suppose you think 
this is funny too?”

	Before Tenchi could answer the food arrived.  Tenchi felt 
relieved that he didn’t have to answer his mother’s question.

	The meal was quite and relaxing as always.  Their meals 
together were some of the few times the royal family could 
relax through out the day.  Breakfast was a simple meal; the way 
Tenchi preferred it.  He didn’t like foods that were overly rich or 
sweet like breakfasts were on some worlds.  His uncle Akito liked 
to drink something called “coffee” for breakfast.  Tenchi had tried 
it once but found it foul and bitter.

	Tenchi ate every bit of food on his plate.  If he didn’t he 
would get a lecture from his mother on wasting food.  Even if he 
didn’t like what was given to him he still had to eat it.  But 
Tenchi had learned not to complain when something he didn’t 
like was offered to him.  This had made meals much easier on 
him and his mother.

	After breakfast was over Tenchi walked with his mother 
and aunt over to the hall of nobles.  They didn’t get wet because 
a metal canopy covered the walkway to the hall of nobles.  
Tenchi knew that the canopy was expensive because Jurai was a 
metal poor world and most metal objects came from off world.

	Tenchi listened to the sound of the rain on the canopy and 
felt disgusted.  He looked over to the great expanse of grassland 
to the south of the palace.  He couldn’t see the mountains to the 
south because they were obscured by the rain.  ‘It’s like a big gray 
cloud has surrounded the world’ Tenchi thought to himself.

	The hall of nobles was a very large building, larger than the 
palace.  Like all large buildings on Jurai the building was actually a 
tree.  This wasn’t one of the trees of the Jurai royalty that possessed 
intelligence and could become a spaceship.  This tree was 
genetically engineered to grow into a building.  The hall was really 
just a non-thinking plant.

	The largest room is the hall was the great meeting hall.  
Every noble in the Jurai Empire had a seat in the hall.  Tenchi’s 
seat was behind his mother so he could observe and learn the fine 
art of statecraft.  Tenchi found the meetings in hall of nobles to be 
often boring.  Once he had fallen asleep during a meeting, 
something he vowed he would never do again after the lecture his 
mother had given him.  His aunt’s seat was to the right of her sister 
and grandmother Funaho’s seat was immediately to the left of her.  
His other grandmother was taking care of various military affairs.

	Lady Funaho gave Tenchi a grin has he entered the room 
which he returned.  He had missed her during breakfast but he 
could see her later. 

	The meeting was extremely boring as usual.  Another 
meeting about tax and tribute reform.  Duke Catkas took his 
usual position that the various member worlds were not paying 
enough into the Empire while his mother took her usual position 
that point of the Empire was not bleed the various member 
worlds dry but to improve the quality of life on each world.  
Tenchi tried to pay attention but his mind began to drift to some 
of the more attractive daughters of the various nobles.  It didn’t 
really matter if he was paying attention as long as he looked like 
he was paying attention.

	Tenchi knew he wouldn’t learn anything from the 
meeting today.  This was a very old debate.  Tenchi knew exactly 
how it would end.  Duke Catkas would purpose a new bill that 
called for increased taxes only to be out voted by the other nobles 
that were his mother’s allies.  Most nobles didn’t want to increase 
taxes because they would become unpopular with the people and 
no noble wanted that.

	Tenchi usually got to leave the meetings a little early so he 
could start his studies and have a little free time.  Tenchi had an 
half-hour of free time before lunch.  Usually he would go to his room 
and start his studies early.  Today however he would read a book his 
uncle had given him.

	The book his uncle had given him was considered an ancient 
classic on Earth.  Tenchi considered that odd because his mother 
must have been alive when the book was written.  It was called the 
Odyssey and a poet named Homer wrote it.  The book was about an 
ancient human king and all the adventures he had trying to return 
home from a war.  Tenchi sat down on his bed and began to read 
more on the exploits of the clever king.  

	Suddenly Tenchi heard a noise.  He looked around the room 
but there was no else in the room with him so he returned to reading.  
He heard the same noise again.  Now he knew that something was 
wrong.

	Tenchi turned just in time to see the faint outline of a man 
swinging a weapon at him.  He managed to roll away just in time to 
avoid the blow which destroyed his bed instead of him.  He rolled of 
his bed and on to the floor placing his bed between him and his attacker.  
He pulled Tenchiken out of his belt and stood up.  Tenchiken flashed to 
life producing a blue blade in front of him.  Tenchi stood ready to face 
his opponent.

	But there was no one there.  ‘He must have an invisibility unit’ 
Tenchi thought to himself.  He backed up against the wall so that the 
assassin could not attack him from behind, ‘unless he can phase 
through walls’ he thought angrily to himself.  

	Tenchi thought he heard the same noise again.  He turned 
toward where the sound had come from and struck out with 
Tenchiken.  Luckily his sword connected with assassin and destroyed 
the invisibility unit.  Tenchi saw man dressed in in all black standing 
before him wielding a metal sword.  ‘At least now it’s a fair fight’ 
Tenchi thought.

	The man leapt to attack him.  Tenchi spun away from the 
attack and swung Tenchiken at his opponent.  Tenchi struck out with 
his sword again but the attacker ducked under the attack.  The 
assassin went to strike at him again and Tenchi swung out at his 
opponent again.  This time he connected.  His blade sliced through 
his opponent’s sword and cut through his neck.  The man collapsed 
on to the floor, blood spilled from his jugular staining the carpet red. 

	Tenchi stood there for a moment in shock.  One of the palace 
guards burst through the door.  His eyes widened when he 
saw the corpse on the floor.

	“Prince Tenchi are you all right?” the guard asked worriedly.

	“Yes, yes, I’m fine,” Tenchi replied in a quiet voice.  He was 
still in a state of shock.  “Tell my mother and aunt what has 
happened.”

	“Yes your highness,” he keyed his com unit and spoke in a 
very professional voice “contact the Empress and Princess Sasami 
and inform them that an attempt has been made on Lord Tenchi’s 
life.”

	“Now take me to my mother,” Tenchi commanded.

	“Yes your highness,” the guard nervously spoke “right 
away, but shouldn‘t you deactivate your sword?”

	“Oh,” said Tenchi looking down at the still activated 
Tenchiken.  He hadn’t realized that it was still on.  He deactivated 
the sword and tucked it back in to his belt.  He followed the guard 
out of his room and into the hallway.

	Tenchi followed the guard through the hallways toward his 
mother’s office.  As they walked the guard signaled for other guards 
to join them until there where four surrounding him in a box 
formation, each willing to give their lives to protect the Prince.

	On the way to the office Tenchi realized what he had done.  
He had taken someone’s life.  He had never killed anyone before in 
his life.  Tenchi wondered if the man had a family or friends.  Would 
they hate Tenchi for killing him?  But then Tenchi realized that the 
man would have died anyway.  The punishment for plotting to or 
attempting to kill a member of the Royal Family was execution.  
Tenchi had just put him to death early.

	Tenchi knew his mother would be worried about him.  He 
looked down at his hands and noticed that they were shaking. If his 
mother saw him scared she would be even more scared herself.  He 
decided to put on a brave front before meeting his mother.

	When he finally reached the office his mother rushed to him 
and gave him a hug.  “Thank the Heavens you’re all right,” Ayeka 
said in a relieved voice.

	“I’m fine,” Tenchi said trying to reassure his mother.

	“You’re sure you’re all right,” questioned Ayeka.  Tenchi 
silently nodded.  “Well your aunt is certainly going hear about this.”  
Tenchi knew that his aunt was responsible for security in the Palace 
and that his mother was angry at her for letting an assassin get past 
security.

	“Don’t go so hard on Aunt Sasami, she does work very hard 
to keep us safe, we’ve gotten hundreds of death threats this year 
alone, there have so many plots uncovered by her to kill us all, she’s 
only made one mistake, but nothing bad happened, I was able to 
handle it,” Tenchi explained.

	Ayeka sighed, she knew her son was right.  “You’ve...
matured recently; it’s very comforting to know that you’re more 
mature than I was at your age.”  Tenchi felt embarrassed.  “It’s 
true,” she continued “I would have been very angry if that had 
happened to me.”

	There was a knock at the door.  “Come in Sasami,” 
Ayeka commanded.

	Sasami entered the room.  Her expression was a guilty one and 
her head hung low.  “Tenchi, Ayeka, I’m so sorry,” she apologized.

	“It’s all right, everything is fine now,” Ayeka said trying to 
reassure her sister.

	“No, It’s not, I’ve failed,” Sasami explained.  “I’m going to 
resign as the head of security and give the job back to Funaho.”

	“No you’re not,” said Ayeka forcefully “you’re going to 
continue on in your posistion and do an excellent job as you’ve always 
done and that’s an Imperial order.”  Even Sasami had to obey an 
Imperial order from her sister.

	“But...” Sasami had started to reply but was cut off by her 
sister.

	“But nothing,” Ayeka said “I can not think of anyone more 
dedicated to protecting this family than you.”  Sasami sighed, she 
knew she couldn’t win this argument.

	“All right,” said Sasami “but I’ll need to question Tenchi on 
what exactly happened and I’ll need to examine the corpse.”  Ayeka 
nodded in silent agreement.  “All right Tenchi let’s go,” said Sasami 
and Tenchi got up to follow his Aunt.

	“Oh Tenchi,” said Ayeka before he was out the door.  Tenchi 
turned to face his mother.  “Do not worry about your room it will be 
cleaned by bedtime,” Ayeka reassured him.  He would probably have 
tried to clean his room by himself if she hadn’t said that.  He nodded 
to his mother and followed his aunt out of the room.

	Sasami lead Tenchi down corridors toward a small, 
windowless lounge with large comfortable chairs.  She motioned for 
Tenchi to sit in one of the chairs and motioned the guards that had 
followed them to stand near the entrances.  Then she sat in the chair 
in directly across him.  She sighed heavily.  “You seem shaken up,” 
she said with concern.

	“I am,” said Tenchi “a little.”

	“You put on the brave act for mother didn’t you?” Sasami 
questioned.

	“Yes, I did not want her to worry,” replied Tenchi.

	“You’re a sweet boy Tenchi,” said Sasami with a smile “you’re 
going to make some lucky girl very happy some day.”  Tenchi 
wondered why she had said something like that.  “All right,” she said 
in reassuring voice “Tell me everything that happened and don’t leave 
out any detail no matter how small.”

	As best he could, Tenchi explained in detail what exactly had 
happened earlier that day.  Sasami entered what he told into her 
organic computer unit so she could write a report for his mother later.  
“And that’s when the guard came in?” asked Sasami.

	“Yes,” replied Tenchi.

	“Which guard came in?” questioned Sasami.

	“Salki,” Tenchi answered.

	“Thank you, I’m going to need to talk with him later.” 
Sasami said.  “That’s it, you’re free to go.”

	“Really, we’re done?” asked Tenchi.

	“Yes,” replied Sasami. “Now let’s go have lunch,” she smiled.

	Tenchi hadn’t noticed it before but he sort of hungry.  Lunch 
sounded like a good idea.  A nice, quiet meal might help calm 
Tenchi’s frazzled nerves.

	It just Tenchi and Sasami for lunch for it was much later than 
their normal lunchtime.  Everyone else had already eaten but the cook 
was more than happy to prepare a quick meal for them.

	Tenchi and Sasami ate their meal in silence.  Tenchi needed a 
little peace and quiet after today’s excitement.  

	After Lunch Tenchi said goodbye to his aunt and went off to 
see his tutors.  He had already missed much of today’s lessons and 
soon it would be time for his swordsmanship training.  He knew his 
tutors would try to cram more in their sessions to catch up on what 
he missed today.

	Tenchi’s sessions with each tutor were shortened.  However 
each tutor tried to cram as much they possibly could into their session.  
Tenchi didn’t mind he, was very good at his schoolwork.  He had the 
equivalent education any college graduate; he even spoke three 
foreign languages.

	Tenchi was not as good with his sword as he was at his studies.  
Usually his uncle Akito taught him to fight with his sword but since 
he was away on Earth a volunteer from the Blade Masters of Jurai, 
an order of knights that specialized in fighting with light swords, 
would teach him today.  The Blade Master would be rough on him, 
distracting him and striking him with the bokken when his attention 
was else where.  Tenchi usually came away from practice with more 
than a few bumps and bruises, and today would be no different.

	After practice Tenchi returned to his room and rubbed the 
bruises on his body.  He felt slightly nervous and fearful.  This was 
the first time he had been alone since the attack.  He looked around 
the room to make sure that know one else was in here with him.  He 
even looked under his bed and checked in the closet.  When he was 
sure he was alone Tenchi changed out of his training clothes, took a 
bath, and changed into his formal clothes.

	Tenchi still felt a little nervous.  He looked around the room 
and saw that there were two new sensors in his room.  His aunt
and/or mother probably had them installed earlier in the day.  He was 
glad that these sensors were not the types that recorded visual images.  
There would be no way some pervert could watch him changing his 
clothes or worse the some one could sell images of him to the seedier 
side of the media.  In way the sensors were comforting, his aunt’s 
people would always be watching over him.  

	He also saw that his room had been cleaned just like his 
mother had promised.  The body was gone and the bloodstains had 
been cleaned out of carpet.  The bed had been replaced with a brand 
new bed.

	Tenchi got ready for the dinner and the ball that evening.  
Tenchi wasn’t really looking forward to the ball.  It was just another 
excuse for nobles to force their daughters on him.  His mother had 
never picked a bride for him she had always told him to marry the one 
he loved.  But that had worked so that some nobles kept a daughter 
available for Tenchi to fall in love with and marry.  Tenchi felt bad for 
those girls because he didn’t love any of them.  Still some of them 
were very pretty and Tenchi didn’t mind getting a little attention 
from them.  

	When Tenchi went to the ball he was meet by his 
grandmothers who made a big fuss over him and made sure he was 
okay.  He reassured them that he was fine as best he could and 
eventually he convinced them of that.

	Other than that the ball went on like any other.  They were 
given an exquisite dinner and Tenchi made small talk with various 
nobles.  After dinner various young women approached him and asked 
him to dance.  He danced with some of them but most he passed off to 
one of his friends, there were simply too many girls to dance with all 
of them.  He knew some of his so-called friends hung around him so 
that he would pass on a girl to them.  Some nobles gave him scowls 
when he passed off their daughters but the girls never seemed to 
mind some of them were just to nervous around Tenchi but they 
seemed comfortable around his friends.

	After the ball Tenchi was tired and returned to his room to 
sleep.  Tenchi changed into his pajamas and prepared to sleep.  
Tomorrow would be another big day.  ‘It will rain again tomorrow 
mourning’ Tenchi angrily thought to himself.  

	Before he went to sleep, Tenchi grabbed Tenchiken and placed
it in bed him, just in case.

*	*	*

	Ayeka approached her sister waiting on the balcony for her 
“so tell me,” said Ayeka “what do we know about my son’s attacker?”

 	“He was human, from Earth most likely,” replied Sasami.

	“Earth?” asked Ayeka.

 	“Yes trace element analysis of his equipment indicated that it 
was manufactured on Earth,” explained Sasami.

	“How did he get past security?” inquired Ayeka.

	“He wasn’t just wearing an invisibility unit but also had a 
complicated ECM unit, that allowed him to sneak past the sensors,” 
Sasami said.  “But the new sensors I’ve placed in Tenchi’s room will 
be able to detect anyone using the same ECM unit.  I plan placing 
them through out the palace.”

	“How did he evade the telepaths?” asked Ayeka.  The palace 
telepaths would detect the thoughts of anyone who didn’t belong in 
the palace, normally.

	“He wasn’t carrying any technology that would allow him to 
do that.  The best explanation is that there is a leak in security 
somewhere,” said Sasami with a sigh.

	That scared Ayeka but she knew her sister would find the leak 
quickly.  “What about my son, is he safe?”

	“Yes, I’ve got my best people watching over him,” Sasami 
reassured her sister.  “I’m surprised you didn’t order him to sleep 
in your room tonight.”

	“I would of when he was younger but he is becoming a man 
and I won’t be able to protect him forever.  He needs to learn to 
protect himself.”  Ayeka wanted to protect her son desperately but 
she knew what she just said was true.  Still the thought of losing 
her son terrified her. 

*	*	*

	Duke Catkas had killed the idiot that sent the assassin to 
murder Prince Tenchi.  Princess Sasami might trace the money trail 
back to him and he would be executed.  No, if he wanted to rule the 
Empire he would he have to kill the entire royal family all at once 
and he had the plans to do it.  He laughed to himself.  “Sleep well 
little prince for soon you will die.”
	
All right, that’s the end of my first fic.  Please tell me what you think.  
I plan to write more chapters if I receive some positive comments.  
You can e-mail your comments and questions to me at drobe@siu.edu.

Next Chapter: Who is this cyan haired boy with the amber eyes?  Is 
he really as powerful as he says he is?  Are his parents really who he 
says they are?  Find out in chapter two of Tenchi Muyo! When I 
grow up...: The Cyan Haired Boy.

Thanks for taking the time to read my fic.
Dave^^
