Disclaimer: [I don't own any of the Tenchi characters.  Some rich Jap
guy does.  But I live in America and I have freedom of speech.  I'm
using his characters whether he likes it or not.  If he finds out then
tries to sue me for using them then. . . well I don't know what.  Let's
just hope he doesn't.]

     The song of the birds echoes out signaling the start of Saturday
morning.  It was the weekend and young Tenchi Masaki would not have
school for three days.  Students all over were happy about this.
Almost all of them anyways.  Tenchi knew what this meant for him.  No
school as an escape for him.
     *Maybe it won't be so bad.  Maybe the girls won't be so bad.  I
might be able to get through this weekend without any explosions or
unforeseen events.  Yeah that's it!  This will be the start of a great
weekend!* Tenchi opened his eyes to the world with his now newly won
confidence.  "AAAAAAHHHHHHH", Tenchi stumbled and fell right out of his
bed and onto the cold, hard floor.  Ryoko's laughter is the only sound.
Tenchi manages to get back to his feet somehow.  He turns to the space
pirate floating over his bed.

     "What are you doing in my room, Ryoko?  How many times have I told
you to stop watching me when I'm sleeping.", Tenchi was angry now.  The
start of his perfect weekend shattered like glass to the reality of his
life.
	"But I get worried about you, Tenchi dear.  What if something
happened to you.  I wouldn't be able to live without you.", Ryoko put
on her pouting face for Tenchi.  It always managed to destroy his angry.
Tenchi just hung his head. Once Ryoko knew she broke down his angry she
flew over to him and wrapped her arms around him.
     "Tenchi, why don't we go up to the mountains, just the two of us,
and you let me show you how sorry I am for you.", Ryoko was good at
pushing Tenchi's buttons.  She could bring any emotion out of him.
Tenchi went red all over once he realized what she was talking about.
Tenchi struggled to get out of her grasp.  Ryoko playfully let him go
so she could chase him down and catch him again.  Tenchi got to the
door before he was caught by her again.
     "Gotcha, now I'm not letting you go until you answer me.", Tenchi
fought to get away but Ryoko held on firm this time.
	Tenchi pleaded with her, "Ryoko, I have to get ready for
breakfast.  I have a lot of work to do today.  Now let me go!".
	"Not until you promise to go to the mountains with me.", Tenchi
thought of every way to get out of this.  His defenses were starting
to wear down as each second passed.  He took a deep breath and turned
to her. . .
	 "Let go of Lord Tenchi this very second you filthy monster!",
Ayeka was standing in the doorway now.  Tenchi let out his breath
relieved to be saved. Ryoko let go of Tenchi and faced Ayeka.  Tenchi
took this moment to crawl out of his room unnoticed.  Sparks begun to
fly as the two women squared up with each other.

     "Tenchi and I are meant to be together!  I won't let a stuck-up
princess like you stand in my way.  Not our way!  Isn't that right
Tenchi?,  Ryoko looked over for Tenchi but realized he was gone.  Ayeka
was about to start on Ryoko but before she could get a word out, Ryoko
vanished.
	"That's better.  Lord Tenchi, I'm sorry for her actions.  She
didn't hurt you did she?" Ayeka looked around for Tenchi but found him
not there.  Upon noticing this, she bolted out of his room to look for
him.

     Tenchi crawled out of his room and made it into the hallway.  Once
he was sure they hadn't notice him leave he stood up.  He let out a
sigh, *Another weekend started off on the path of ruin.  Why do they
always have to fight like that? *  Tenchi just let the thought go as
always.  He knew he would never find the answer to it.  There was only
one way to get them to stop fighting and that was to choose among the
girls living with him.  He didn't want to hurt any of them but he knew
his decision would hurt all but one.
	Tenchi had finally made it to the bath.  He let the warm water
wash away his troubles. *Maybe I should choose.  But I still don't know
who I love.  They all are great in their own ways.  Even Ryoko.  But I
don't know which I love more.  Maybe I never will know.* The water
soon begun to relax him.  He laid back in the water and closed his eyes.
  Suddenly he felt the air shift.  He didn't want to open his eyes.  He
won't open his eyes.  He opened his eyes. "AAAAAAHHHHHH".  Tenchi tried
to stand up and cover himself but slipped in the soapy water and fell
back into the tub.  He got up and ran as hard and fast as he could out
of the bathroom.  Only a towel covering him.  Close behind him was
Ryoko speeding up to catch him, laughing the whole way.  Down the hall
and down the stairs, through the living room, and out into the yard
Tenchi ran with a towel covering him up and a space pirate on his tail.
  Tenchi cut through the woods and circled back to the house.  He was
able to run past the living room, up the stairs, and into his room
before Ryoko noticed Tenchi had cut back.

     Tenchi changed into his daily cloths and headed down for breakfast.
  The table was set for another one of Sasami's masterpieces.  Everyone
gathered around and sat at the table.  Once everything was settled,
Ryoko reappeared in the house.  She snuck up behind Tenchi and took a
seat in his lap.  Ryoko started eating off his plate.  Just as she
begun to enjoy herself though, Ayeka was able to chase her off Tenchi
and into her own seat.
      "You need to stop ruining our fun Ayeka.  Tenchi and I are in love
and nothing you can do can change that!"  With that said, Ryoko stuck
her tongue out at Ayeka.  Ayeka shot back an icy glare that could
freeze fire.
     "Lord Tenchi would never fall in love with a monster like you.
Wasn't it you who tried to kill him the first time you met him?  Some
love?  If that's your way of showing love then please keep me as an
enemy."  Ryoko was pissed now.  She hated it every time Ayeka brought
up the past.  She stood up, as did Ayeka.
     "You want to finish this princess!  I'm sick of your crap!", Ryoko
took a few steps away from the group to indicate her point.  Ayeka, not
wanting to turn down a challenge, followed her. "Just don't get mad
when I beat you princess!  You maybe royalty where you come from, but
here you're just another person!"

     The two squared up gathered energy for the fight.  The gang took
their spots to watch the fight.  Washu passes out helmets to wear for
safety reasons.  Sasami goes to hand Tenchi a helmet but he doesn't pay
any attention to her.  As Ryoko and Ayeka charge up, Ryoko
materializing an energy ball and Ayeka doing likewise, Tenchi stood up.
  He slowly started walking toward them.  Sasami tried to stop him but
Tenchi was lost in a world of angry.  He had finally lost it.  He was
sick of the fighting.  Sick of the arguments.  Sick of it all.  Before
Ryoko and Ayeka could notice, he was standing between them.  Both women
released their energy at each other.  Through the intense light, they
could see Tenchi in the middle of it all.
     "Tenchi!!!" screamed both of them.  They rushed to save him but it
was too late.  The energy hit and exploded.  The force sent both Ryoko
and Ayeka back.  Once the smoke cleared, everyone rushed over to Tenchi
to see how he was.  He was just lying on the ground motionless.  His
body still smoking from the explosion.  Ryoko lifts his head up.
"Tenchi, no!  I didn't mean for it to happen.  I didn't see you in the
way!" Ryoko was crying now.
	"Tenchi, why did you do it?  Why did you get in the way?",
Sasami keep asking it over and over again.  She dug her head into
Ayeka's chest crying.  Everyone was stunned.  Completely shocked.  The
entire house went quiet.  Not even the sounds of the world outside
could be hear.  Like time froze on impact.  The silence was broken
though, by the sounds of Tenchi coughing for air.  Everyone brighten up.
     "Tenchi, you're alright!  I thought I lost you." Ryoko was so
happy, she just buried her head in his chest crying, holding him tight.
  Reality came back to Tenchi.  He stood up, Ryoko still holding onto
him.  He managed to get her off of him.  Everyone stood back ready to
hear what Tenchi was going to say.  Tenchi's expression was once again
full of angry.  His thoughts returned to him.
     "That's it!  I'm tired of you both fighting over me!  I'm tired of
everyone here planning and scheming on how to win my love.  I love you
all equally, but the truth of it is, I might never love any of you!
Ever!"  He turns to face Ayeka and Ryoko, both stunned from his words.
Completely vulnerable.  Ready to break from his words. "Your fighting
almost killed me!  Every time you two fight something is destroyed and
we almost die!  I have never in my life seen any two people as selfish
as yourselves.  You both only think about yourself and are willing to
put us all at great risk just to get what you want!"  Tenchi turned his
back to both of them.  He started out for the door.  Ryoko opened her
mouth to say something but the door slamming cut off anything she could
have said.

     Tenchi started walking to clear is head.  Never before in his life
had he ever gotten so mad.   He never lost his temper like that before.
*They deserved it though.  I did what anyone would have did under the
same situation.  It's not like I'm the bad guy here.  They had to be put
in their place.  Yeah that's it.  I'm just an innocent bystander.*,
over and over in his mind he tried to make excuses for himself.  For
his actions.  Once he finally calmed down he remembered about having to
meet his grandfather at the shrine to do chores.  He hurried over
there so not to be any later then he already was.
     Tenchi's grandfather was waiting for him at the steps of the
shrine.  The old man remained emotionless as he always did.  Not letting
Tenchi know what he was thinking.  His grandfather always was full of
surprises.  Something Tenchi never liked.  He reached the top of the
stairs huffing and puffing, out of the breath from the run there. "What
is your excuse for being late this time, Tenchi?"  His grandfather had
that wondering look on his face.  Tenchi finally caught his breath.
     "It was the girls again.  First, Ryoko wouldn't let me get ready
this morning, then her and Ayeka got into another fight.  I was caught
between the explosion.  I lost my temper with them grandpa.  I think I
hurt their feelings.".  Tenchi was hoping his grandfather would take
his reason and not punish him too harshly.
     "I see, well you have been through a lot already.  I was going to
have you do mindless chores as busy work, but I can see you don't need
it today.  You may go now."  Tenchi blinking dumbfounded.  His
grandfather was letting him miss work?  Tenchi was confused.  He
omitted though to work in the fields to at least get some work done.
Not to mention, Tenchi still didn't want to return home just yet.  Not
after all the harsh things he said.

     Tenchi went to the tool shed and walked back over to the fields.
He just chopped away at the ground with the hoe, not sure what to do.
Moments of just hitting the ground he felt the air move.  He keep his
back to it though. "Tenchi, I'm sorry for earlier.  I'm sure you don't
want to hear me right not, but I just wanted to say I'm sorry.  I
didn't know you would get this upset."  Ryoko was on the brink of tears
again.  Tenchi could hear it in her voice.  He tighten his grip on the
handle.  It was killing him inside to see how he hurt each of them.
He didn't mean to, he just lost his temper. Ryoko was about to leave
when Tenchi's voice stopped her.
     "All I wanted for this weekend was for it to be perfect.  No
fighting, no arguments, no inventions gone crazy, and none of your
tricks.  I just wanted for one weekend where I could relax and not have
to worry about everything.  But reality wouldn't let me have that."
Ryoko turned back around to Tenchi.  He still had his back to her.  He
was just hitting a clump of dirt with the hoe.  Ryoko stood there
thinking about what he said.
     "Tenchi, for what it's worth, I still love you.  I will always love
you.  It doesn't matter if you never love me back or anyone else.  Just
this time I've got to share my life with you was worth it.  I'll never
forget it.  Thank you for giving me this memories."  Ryoko started to
teleport away.  Tenchi turned to her, making her stop.  He grabs her
wrist so she wouldn't leave.
     "Ryoko wait,. . .", Tenchi looks at her, "never mind.  Just go
back home and tell everyone I'm sorry for the way I acted earlier and
that I'll be home for lunch."  Ryoko started to leave for the house but
Tenchi stoped her once again. "And Ryoko, thank you."  Ryoko smiles at
Tenchi, Tenchi can only smile back.  She heads back to the house
leaving him alone.  Tenchi goes back to digging up the soil.

     The hours passed and Tenchi returned home.  He told everyone he
was sorry and they told him they were sorry.  Ryoko and Ayeka did their
best not to fight and everything was peaceful for the most part.  That
night, Tenchi stayed in his bed.  He tried to sleep but it was no use.
  He kept tossing and turning.  He never had trouble sleeping before.
Finally Tenchi got up. *If I can't sleep then I might as well get
something to eat.* He walked down the stairs so not to disturb anyone.
Lucky for him there was plenty of leftovers from dinner.  He fixed him
a plate and walked into the living room.  Picking the remote off the
table he sat down on the end of the couch.  As he turned on the tv, the
light emitted on the room made him able to see around the room.  Tenchi
put his plate on the table and started eating as he watched tv.  It
wasn't until a commercial came on that he noticed he was sharing the
couch with someone.  He looked over to see Ryoko, sleeping on the couch.
  At first Tenchi was scared, then he noticed that she was asleep. He
just watched her as she slept.  Her chest moving in and out with every
breath.  Ryoko started to stir in her sleep.  Tenchi was about to get
up but Ryoko rested her head on his leg.  He wanted to run.  To scream
for her to get off him.  But he didn't.  She wasn't attacking him, or
coming on to him.  She was just sleeping.  Instead Tenchi just watched
her. *Look at her in her sleep.  Peaceful.  She looks so beautiful in
her sleep.  I would hate to wake her.* Tenchi ran his hand through her
wild cyan mane of hair, not even aware he's doing it.
     "Tenchi. . . ", Tenchi looked down at her.  Scared that she had
woke up.  But she was still sleeping much to his pleasure.  She was just
talking in her sleep.  He smiled deeply.  Then the thought hit him,
*She's not floating over my bed.  She's down her on the couch asleep.
Is that why I can't sleep?  No, it couldn't be.  I don't need her
watching me to go to sleep.*  For some reason her watching him sleep
was much like when she would watch him playing at the cave when he was
younger.  Tenchi shook off the thought.  Ryoko soon stirred again and
removed her head from Tenchi's leg.  Tenchi took this chance and went
back to his room after turning off the tv, leaving Ryoko to sleep.

     Tenchi woke the next day tired.  He had slept a little better after
he had something to eat.  Or was it something else?  Tenchi woke for
once without the blood shot eyes of Ryoko watching him.  Deciding
against pushing his luck, Tenchi quickly took a shower and got ready
for the day.  He walked down to the table as Sasami was setting
everything up.  Tenchi sat down and let out a big yawn. "Someone must
not have had too good of a night's rest." asked Sasami as she put down
Tenchi's plate in front of him.
     "Not really.  I guess I just couldn't sleep."
     "Does that mean you missed me last night?"  Tenchi turns around to
see Ryoko.  Out of the corner of his eye he saw Ayeka coming down for
breakfast.
     "Let's not push our luck Ryoko.", the well timed comment saved
Tenchi from another argument between Ayeka and Ryoko.  Ayeka, pleased
with Tenchi's comment, took her seat next to him.  Ryoko, still happy
because of the way Tenchi said it, took her seat too. *Maybe this day
might not be so bad after all.* Tenchi couldn't help but be happy at
how well the day was going.  Despite being so tired.  Breakfast passed
accident free.  Not one bad thing happened.

     Tenchi headed out to the field.  He really didn't need to work on
the field today, just maintenance, but he made it seem like he needed
to do a lot more to his grandfather.  Tenchi was removing the weeds
when Ryoko showed up.  "What are you doing here Ryoko?  Shouldn't you
be inside helping the others." Tenchi knew Ryoko didn't help the others
but he didn't know what to say to her either.
     "They have enough hands cleaning up in there.  They won't miss one
pair." Ryoko kneed down next to Tenchi as he pulled out a weeds.
     "You know I like it when you help them though" That line always got
her to leave to make him think she was helping them.  Even though she
never was.
     "But I heard you talking and it sounds like you could use some
help in the fields.  I overheard you telling grandpa how much work you
had."  That was it, Tenchi was caught in a lie.  It wasn't really a lie,
Tenchi was going to spend a great deal of time in the fields working,
but most of it was to keep busy.  But Tenchi knew we was caught.
     "Ok Ryoko, you can help me.  But please try not to cause too much
trouble."  Tenchi couldn't believe what he just said.
     "You mean it?  I can help you!  Oh thank you Tenchi!", Ryoko gave
Tenchi a crushing bear hug she was so happy.  Tenchi got Ryoko to let
go of him and starting breathing again.
     "Ok, Ryoko if you want to help then you can help me pull out the
weeds.  Just grab and pull out any weeds you see."  Ryoko nodded and
starting doing like Tenchi, although she never did drift too far away
from him while she worked.  Tenchi caught himself looking over at her
multiple times.  Each time explaining that it's just to make sure she's
still working.  Finally Tenchi spoke up. "Ryoko, I'm glad you're here.
  There is something I wanted to ask you.  More of a favor."
     Ryoko's eyes lit up.  "Oh Tenchi, I didn't think you would be this
happy seeing me work.  You little animal you."
     Tenchi realized what it sounded like and quickly cut her off
before she could say anything else. "No that's not what I meant.  I
just wanted to ask you if you would mind not watching me sleep tonight.
  Just for tonight.  Then I promise I won't complain about it for a
week.  I promise."  Ryoko thought about it.
     "Ok only make it for a month."
	Tenchi didn't want to agree at first but he wanted to know the
truth. *Can I not sleep if she's not watching me?  I need to know.*
	"You have yourself a deal, Ryoko. Shake on it?"
     "How about we kiss on it instead?", Ryoko moved in to kiss Tenchi
but he stumbled backwards to avoid her.
     "Cut it out Ryoko.  Let's just get back to work."

     That night Tenchi was laying in his bed again.  He rolled over and
looked at his alarm clock.  [11:20 P.M.] It was another sleepless night.
  Every time he laid down and closed his eyes and started to fall
asleep, he started to think of her.  She danced in his dreams and in
his mind.  He would wake up from it and see her.  But he knew it wasn't
real.  For some reason he couldn't get Ryoko out of his mind.  The
harder he tried the more he thought about her.  He even tried to think
about the others.  But every time it somehow got to Ryoko.  Everyone
had a connection with her.  Finally he couldn't take it anymore.  He
had to see her.  He had thought about her so much that soon he thought
she was a dream herself.  Tenchi quietly opened his door and walked
down the stairs to the living room.  Trying his best to be quiet, it
seemed as each sound was an earthquake.  Multiplied times ten.  Finally
though, he made it downstairs.  He stood at the end of the couch.  He
watched her sleep.  Every breath she took.  Every move she made.  He
was watching. *How come I can't sleep.   Have I gotten so use to her
being there that the thought of her not there keeps me awake?  Or is it
I just need someone watching over me, making sure I'm safe that keeps
me asleep?*  Tenchi keep thinking about this.  He let out a soft sigh.
Tenchi looks up to see the clock.  Ryoko's eyes opened slowly.  She
noticed Tenchi over her and decided against letting him know she was
awake.
     *What is he doing in here?  Maybe he's just getting something to
eat then he'll leave.  But he's right there on the edge of the couch.*
Ryoko pulled the covers over her a little bit so not to let Tenchi
notice she wasn't asleep.   Tenchi, noticing the movement in her looked
back down.
     "Look at her, an angel in her sleep.  It's hard to believe that
she is the same women that is loud, rude, and causes thousands in
property damage.  When she's awake I'm afraid she's going to do
something unexpected and hurt me or someone else.  But when she's
asleep, she's like a whole different person.".  As he thinks more and
more about her, he starts to run his hand through her hair again.
Ryoko smiles.  She wants to get up and hug him, to kiss him and let him
know how she feels, but for some reason she doesn't.  She just wants
to stay right here in this moment forever.
     Tenchi knew what was happening to him.  He was falling in love
with her.  He didn't understand it either.  Was it just because he
couldn't sleep?  Or was it because he couldn't sleep without her?  He
was thrown into turmoil when she wasn't around.  Tenchi knew it.  But
he had to fight it.  He couldn't choose.  He could hurt the others.
Not Ayeka.  She cared too much for him.  Each would be crushed. *I can't
do this.  I can't love her.  Not now, please not now. I'm not ready to
make that choice yet.* Tenchi looked down at her like an angel.  The
smile on her face warmed him over.  He had to look away.  The more he
stared at her the more he knew he loved her. "I don't love her!  She's
selfish and can be a total pain at times!  She even tried to kill me.
There is no way I can love her.  I just can't do it."
     His words where like poison to Ryoko.  He didn't know she could
hear him but she could.  She could hear each word he said about her.
Each one was more cold then the last.  It was that tone of voice that
hurt her the most.  Like he was sure of it.  Ryoko covered herself with
the blanket so not to let Tenchi know she was awake but also so he
couldn't see that she was crying. *He couldn't mean it.  He couldn't
mean that he doesn't love me.  There has to be a reason for it.*
Some explanation that could set her soul at ease.  But his words didn't
leave any room for guessing.  He had just came out and said that he
could never love her.  Never a way he could love her.

     By now Tenchi had stopped brushing her hair with his hand.  He got
up from the corner of the couch and went back to his room, leaving
Ryoko to cry herself to sleep again.  Tenchi spent the rest of the
night fighting his feelings.  A battle of the heart over mind.  It was
another sleepless night for him.
     The next morning Tenchi again woke from only a few hours of sleep.
  If even that.  The presence of Ryoko absent.  In the back of his mind
that depressed him.  But knowing that he would see her later cheered
him up.  He made his way to the bathroom to take a shower.  The whole
time expecting Ryoko to attack him.  To grab him and not let him go.
But she never did grab him, she never attacked him.  He was just alone.
  He went to open the door to the bathroom but found it locked.  He
tried to open it but he couldn't.  He knocks on the door.  Much to his
surprise, Ryoko opens the door.  Her face covered with a towel.
     "Sorry, I was just washing my face.  I'll leave now."  She was
depressed and you could tell it in her voice.  Tenchi wanted to grab
her, to cheer her up.  But he saw Ayeka down the hall leaving for
breakfast so he did nothing.  He just watched Ryoko leave.  Tenchi took
his shower and went down to get some breakfast.  When he got down
there he saw something else that surprised him.  Ayeka and Ryoko were
sitting on opposite sides of the table.  Although that didn't surprise
him, what did was that there wasn't a space open to sit next to Ryoko.
For some reason, he wanted to sit next to her, but for once he
couldn't.  Breakfast passed once again uneventfully.  It was now Monday
and his last day off.  But he had to spend it at the shrine doing
chores that he missed over the weekend.  Tenchi decided it would be a
good idea to go straight to the shrine after breakfast so he could get
as much done as soon as possible.  He hurried up and ate his breakfast.
  After thanking Sasami for another great cooked meal, he headed for
the shrine.

     The sight that awaited him was what he dreaded.  His grandfather
holding a brush and a bucket of water.  He knew that meant only one
thing, he had to clean the shrine steps.  Once Tenchi started working,
his grandfather went back inside the office to do whatever he does when
he's in there.  Tenchi had been working for an hour and still
something bothered him.  Ryoko hadn't showed up once.  In fact, ever
since he woke up she hadn't even said one word to him expect for at the
bathroom.  Tenchi brushed it off as nothing.  After all, it's not like
she had to hang on him every living moment.  But still, why did it hurt
then?

	Tenchi started scrubbing the stairs again when he saw in the
distance, someone walking through the woods.  Decided he worked long
enough for a break, he headed over to the figure.  He followed the
figure through the woods, darting past a tree here, cutting through a
trail there, and before Tenchi knew it, he was lost in the woods.  It
wasn't until the figure walked up to the cave that Tenchi realized
where he was and who the figure was.  It was Ryoko.  Tenchi was
over-joyed to see her.  So much that when he walked up behind her, he
didn't notice she was crying.  It wasn't until he was about to touch
her shoulder that he noticed she was crying.
     "Ryoko, is something the matter?", Ryoko turned around and was
surprised to see Tenchi.  She brushed away the tears with her hand and
cleared her nose.
     "Oh it's you Tenchi.  It's nothing, I just had something in my
eye.  That's all."
     "It's not about yesterday is it?  I mean I'm sorry for yelling at
you.  I just lost my temper."  Ryoko didn't saw anything.  Tears
started to roll down her cheeks.  Tenchi went to hold her but Ryoko
pushes him away and starts to walk off.
     "Ryoko, wait!  What's the matter.  What ever it is, you can tell
me.  I'm here for you."  Ryoko couldn't take it anymore.  His being
nice to her was killing her on the inside because she knew how he felt
about her.  How he could never love her.  How he never would even try.
She turned around to face Tenchi.  Her sad look replaced with a face
of anger and frustration.
     "You want to know what's bothering me?  It's you!  I heard what
you said last night.  How you could never love me.  How there was
nothing that could make you love me!  How could you do this to me
Tenchi?  How could you hurt me like this?  I love you!  And you throw
it all in my face like it's nothing.  And why should it be.  You have
four other women that love you too.  Losing one doesn't matter to you.
You'll always have another."  Ryoko was now completely crying.  She
couldn't help herself.  She couldn't hold back the tears anymore.
     "You were awake last night?"  Ryoko started to leave when Tenchi
yelled out to her.  Rain now softly falling. "Wait, Ryoko.  You don't
understand.  I didn't mean it.  I was just trying to cover up my
feelings.  I was just... I didn't mean it...Ryoko please don't leave.",
it was useless.  His words meant nothing to her.  Ryoko vanished
without a trance.  The rain now pouring down on Tenchi as to express
the way he was feeling.  He had to do something.  He knew if he did
though, it would change everything he knew and everything around him.
Nothing would ever be the same to him again.  But he didn't care.  He
was going to do it anyways.  He was going to run to her and make her
listen to him.

     Tenchi thought of where she would be when it hit him.  He started
running to the house as fast as he could.  Forcing every bit of energy
out of his legs.  The background became a blur to him.  All he could
tell, sense, was what was in front of him.  The vision of Ryoko.  At
last he reached the house.  His clothes was soaked.  Weighting down on
him.  His legs were on fire.  His heart felt like it was going to burst.
  He didn't notice, he didn't care.  Tenchi looked up at the window to
the attic.
     "Ryoko, I know your in there.  Answer me!  Ryoko!"  Just as Tenchi
thought, Ryoko was in the attic.  She was sitting next to the window
with her arms wrapped around her knees.  She didn't know what to think
anymore.  What to believe.  Each time Tenchi called out her name, she
became more and more angry.  Soon the other women in the house noticed
what was going on and watched from the back door. "Ryoko!  I know
you're there.  Answer me please!  You have to listen to me."  Ryoko
couldn't take his words any longer.  She opened the window and looked
down at Tenchi standing in the rain just outside the window.
     "Leave me alone!  I don't want to see you again.  So just leave!
Go to another one of the women and break their heart just like you
broke mine!"
     "I'm not leaving this spot until you come down here and talk to me
Ryoko.  I'll stand right here all day if I have to."
     "Fine then!  Stand out in the rain and catch your death of a cold.
  See if I care!"  Ryoko never thought she would say such harsh words
to Tenchi.  But she couldn't control herself.  She was running on pure
emotion now.  She watched as Tenchi just stood out in the rain.  Sasami
walked outside to Tenchi and tried to hand him an umbrella but Tenchi
just threw it aside.  Upon seeing this, Ayeka came running outside in
the rain and tried to hold the umbrella for Tenchi but he knocked it
away from her.  He was hell bent on standing out in the rain until
Ryoko talked to him. "Are you trying to prove something to me?  Just go
inside!  Your going to get sick and that won't accomplish anything.",
Ryoko was angry at Tenchi but soon was getting angry at herself for
slowly beginning to start to care for him again.  She wasn't going to
let herself care for him again.  Not after what he said.
     "Ryoko, I'm going to stand right in this spot and let the rain fall
on me until you come down here and talk with me."  Tenchi stomped on
the ground to farther his point.
     "Fine, stay right there.  I don't care."  With that said, Ryoko
slammed the window close.  She sat down on the floor and refused to
move herself. *He'll leave in a few minutes.  He can't stay out there
forever.  Just watch and see.*  Each minute ticked by.  Taking longer
then the last.  The other girls just watched Tenchi stand in the rain.
Knowing he would refuse their help, their pleas to come inside.  He had
his mind set on staying right there until Ryoko talked to him and none
of them was going to change that.  Time dragged on and the rain
relentlessly fell.  Ryoko would glace at the window and wonder if he
was still out there.  In her mind the memory of him confessing how he
felt for her kept playing again and again.  Finally she had to look.
She was sure he had gone back inside and was sitting in front of a warm
fire eating and watching TV.  She opened the window and sure as the
day is long, Tenchi was still standing in the rain.  Still looking up
at the window.

     "Why are you doing this?  Why won't you go inside and leave me
alone!  Can't you see you hurt me enough as it is!"
     "I can't leave.  I refuse to.  Not until you talk to me."
     "Why?  Why is it so important that you have to talk to me?
     "Because. . ."
     "Because why?"
     "Because I love you!", there he had said it.  He loved her.  He
didn't know why he said it, but he knew he meant it.  The only thing
that was powering Tenchi, keeping him standing, was emotion.  The love
he felt for her.  As each second in the rain, more and more of his
doubt washed away.  The more clear it became to him.  Ryoko was shocked
by his words.  Soon his words from early returned to her.
     "You said yourself that you could never love me."
     "I was lying.  I was lying to you and to myself.  I didn't want to
admit it.  I didn't want to have chosen.  But I'm not going to fight it
anymore.  I can't sleep without you.  I can hardly eat, damn it Ryoko,
why can't you see that I have trouble making it day to day without
you!  I need you to give me strength.  To give my life meaning."  Never
before was Tenchi so nervous.  With three simple words, his life was
going to change.  He was letting go of everything he knew.  Ryoko
couldn't control herself anymore.  She jumped out of the window and
flew straight into his arms.  After standing in the rain for so long,
all of his strength was gone.  The impact of her hitting him caused him
to fall to the ground.  But with the little strength he had left, he
held her with every bit of it. From now on he was never going to let
her go.
     "Tell me one more time you love me."  Ryoko was tracing his face
with her finger.
     "I love you, Ryoko.", before Tenchi could say anything else, Ryoko
passionately kissed him on the lips.  Tenchi did his best to return
the kiss despite his weakness.

     Ryoko held Tenchi tight to her and vanished with him into his room.
  She laid him down on the bed.  "You need to remove those wet cloths
before you catch your death of a cold. I'm not going to lose you after
finally winning your heart."
     "Ok but do me a favor first, can you get me something to drink?
To build my strength
back?  I promise I'll wait right here for you.", Ryoko didn't believe
he wanted something to drink but decided against arguing with him.  As
she left, Tenchi hurried up and changed into a pair of dry cloths.
After all, he was still Tenchi.  The boy too shy to change in front of
Ryoko even after they both have seen each other naked multiple times.
Ryoko returned with a bottle of tea, discouraged to see he had already
changed.  She really didn't care though.  All that mattered to her was
that he had finally loved her the way she loved him.
     "Tenchi, can I ask you something?  Was you really going to stand
in the rain all night long if I hadn't finally said something?" Ryoko
was running her finger around his chest as Tenchi fixed them both some
tea to drink.
     "If it would have meant proving how much I loved you, then I would
have stood there all week if I had too.  Although that's not the way I
pictured confessing my love to you."  Ryoko took a sip of her tea and
looked at Tenchi.  She kissed him again on the lips.  They both smile.
     "I think it was romantic.  Standing in the rain for hours just to
prove you loved me.  Thank you.  I'll never forget it.", Ryoko kissed
Tenchi but it was broken up by yawning.  She didn't realize how late it
was.  Ryoko was about to get up to leave and let Tenchi sleep when
Tenchi grabbed her arm.  He smiled at her.  Ryoko crawled back in bed
with him.  Tenchi turned off the lap on the side of his bed leaving the
room completely dark.  That night Tenchi slept peacefully.

*Notes from the Author*
     First time doing this, but this is also my first short one part
fan fic.  The reason for this story is simple enough, I was in the car
with my brother when Life House's "Hanging by a Moment" started to
play.  I liked the sound and later found out he had it downloaded on
the computer.  I played the song and got the idea for this story from
it.  You might notice parts of the song from it.  Also from Tom Petty's
"Free Falling", but that's only because I'm a fan.  I actual like this
story a little bit more then all my other stories simply because it
doesn't have a made up character I added.  It is just the Tenchi gang
in what I feel should happen.  Yes it's true.  I'm a believer in the
Ryoko gets Tenchi.  It just seems like he always liked her more then
the others.  After all, she is the one and only one he thought about at
the end of Universe.  So as always send in your e-mails and whatever
and visit my website at http://members.tripod.com/jerroddarson/anime
It has a listing of my work and stuff.  Visit it and send me some
e-mail.  I'll be a happy camper if you do.
     P.S. I was spent a few e-mails from people about my spelling.
Sorry but I type really fast and don't pay attention to what the hell
I'm doing.  Plus I mainly only use curse words.  My vocabulary is
really small without it.  Yeah?  You want someone honest or someone who
just tells you what you want to hear.  I'm American and I curse worse
then sailors.  Hell I curse worse then the kids from South Park. Just a
little though.  I'm older and therefor know more curse words.
