Tenchi Muyo! Fantasy Episode -                
All of the characters used in this story are not mine... I repeat....
they are NOT mine..
if in any way shape or form this does not convince you that they don't
belong to me you probably shouldn't be reading this... "SEEK HELP" ...
I'm just borrowing them for this flic ... 	
This story is written for all of the fans of Tenchi Muyo! This is the
way we 
really wanted to see them and as some of us have in our dreams!
--SO NO ONE  SUE  ME-I'M  NOT  SELLING  THIS  STUFF-
Title: When Domentions Collide - part. 1 ( Based on the OAV Series and
Movies )

Author : BloodWolf

  The clouds began to brake and the sun began to rise, it was dawn. The
light broke free of its dark cloudy prison to shine on hundreds of
armies ready for combat. There were thousands of  troops lined across
the country side of this alien world. The fresh morning light was still
running over green grass of the plains causing the tired troops to
flinch as the light hit the sides of their eyes. As the troops blinked
and had the erg to turn away, the sky turned black and light vanished.
It seemed to be midnight again. The tired, young troops were stunned to
see the morning light suddenly vanish.
  A huge gust of wind bombarded the troops and forced them to step back.
The plains that once stood before them vanished as well and millions of
purplish lightning bolts littered the blackness that stood before them.
The lightning came together like a cyclone and then burst in to a huge,
ray of lightning that spread across blackness before the troops. The
lightning  spread evenly into a straight line and divided and fell to
the ground creating a huge purplish wall. The wind grew stronger and
forced the troops to their knees. The purplish wall seemed to turn to
glass as it morphed into a dark porthole. The troops could easily see
what awaited them on the other side of it, monstrous hordes of black
ridged creatures all snarling and clawing at each other. The creatures
were desperately trying to claw at the troops but the solid porthole
prevented their advances. The porthole released a dim light across the
plains and over the troops.
  The porthole took on a liquid form and a huge, jagged foot stepped out
creating ripples and waves that spread through out the porthole. Then
five long claws slowly reached out, followed by thin, bony fingers and a
huge, muscular hand. Eventually exposing a huge right arm reaching
straight out over the troops. Suddenly another right arm swung out from
under the first, and it was quickly followed by two huge muscular left
arms both seeming to attack the porthole as they were released. The
creatures head appeared at the center of the four muscular arms and it
stepped out revealing it's towering body. It was a huge creature, it
towered over the troops like they were mire children. It's head was not
fully visible, but it's red piercing eyes lit up the sides of it's
ridged, black face. It arched it's back and peered at the kneeling
troops. It's arms were still reaching out to troops. The creature turned
it's wide torso left and right and stood up straight and let out a loud,
deep grunt. The porthole began to move away from the creature, and away
from the troops. Even though the porthole was moving, the creatures
inside were not. And as the porthole passed over them they were release
from it. The further the porthole retreated, the more creatures were
released. Until the black, ridged creatures were everywhere, as far as
the eye could see.
 * The huge four armed creature towered over the as well, it appeared to
be their leader. The wind seemed to calm, and the troops found
themselves starring down the throats of  massive demon hordes. The
troops stood up and prepared for combat. They were confused, for the
creatures were not attacking. Suddenly the four armed demon stood up
again and released yet another loud grunt. All the demon creatures stood
quite and still, staring at the alien troops. The troops stepped back,
all they could see where millions of red piercing eyes. Then the four
armed demon stood tall once again, it grunted, this time louder and more
like a shriek. The demon hordes then charged the mass of alien troops,
cutting  and tearing through them like paper dolls. The troops ran more
than they fought. ____.They were hugely under prepared for this kind of
massacre. 
  Their planet fell at the wrath of the unstoppable demon hordes. The
unfortunate alien planet, blue and bright, when viewed from orbit was
quickly being consumed by blackness until it vanished into the endless
expansion of  blackness known as the universe.  

   The sun was piercing and hot, it's incessant heat pounded the back of
the Jurain Princess as she was tending to her rose garden. It was a
beautiful summers day, the sky was clear and there was a constant,
gentle breeze. Ayeka lifted her head and gently swept the sweet off her
forehead. She gazed at the flowers and the stood up over them.
 "Ayeka---!" 

  She was startled by the sweet voice of Sasami who was peering out of
the back door of the Masaki home.

"Ayeka, lunch is ready---!" she continued

  Ayeka turned and looked into Sasami's big red eyes and replied, "Oh
yes, I must of have lost track of time. Sorry Sasami, I'll be right
there in a minute or two." 

  "Sure!" Sasami smiled and quickly ran back into the house.

  Ayeka glanced at the flowers and picked up her gardening tools, put
them in a basket and placed them by the back door of the house. She
untied her apron and placed it on the basket. Her beautiful light blue
dress was amazingly clean and spotless. She then took off her sandals
and stepped into the house. Ayeka walked by the kitchen and into the
dinning room, everyone was already seated and eating. Sasami guided her
and pulled her toward the rectangular table, then pushing her down onto
a small pillow. Ayeka was puzzled, no one seemed to talk to her, in
fact, no one seemed to have noticed her.

*Are they mad at me? Did I do something wrong? Why aren't they talking?*
Ayeka thought to herself.

  Ayeka began to stare at Ryoko.

*She usually gets mad when I constantly stare at her, what the hell is
going on here?*

  The room turned dark and shadows appeared around the table. The others
were still eating lunch still not noticing the room, or Ayeka. She stood
up over the table and looked around room. Ayeka became frightened, for
she still did not know what was happening. The room was cold, dark and
Ayeka felt alone. Suddenly she heard a huge crash, and then the wall
behind the table exploded. She screamed with fear, for there was a
massive black, four armed creature standing before her.
  The monster was entirely black, she could see nothing but its jagged
outline. The creature lifted it's claws and sliced through the people at
table. As the claws passed through each of the members dinning there
they vanished into a white mist. Ayeka was trembling, when she turned to
run, she saw that Sasami was blocking her exit. Sasami's skin turned
white and her hair turned black. She grew claws and her eyes turned from
red to a solid white. Sasami's sweat, innocence was twisted into bitter
evil. Ayeka knew at once that this was a nightmare, one that she could
not awake from. Suddenly she heard a deep voice from behind her.

"Princess of Jurai." 
   Ayeka was speechless, she now fell down to her knees, she was
terrified. Then she turned and looked at the dark monster that spoke to
her.

The dark creature spoke again, "All Jurain power will fall, and the
darkness will flourish. You are all that stands in my way." 

  Then Ayeka heard a loud noise from behind her, Sasami charged her and
cut her head off with a quick swing of her claws.
  Ayeka then awoke covered with a cold sweet. Her head was pounding with
pain. She found herself in her room, around midnight. Sasami was still
peacefully sleeping next to her. Ayeka's head was still cloudy and she
could not over come the freighting images from her nightmare. Her head
turned with a startle Ryo-ohki hoped up onto her pillow.

"Meeeow!" Ryo-ohki started.she hoped onto Ayeka's lap and began to pure.

"Oh, Ryo-ohki! You scared me! Don't do that!" Ayeka whispered, almost to
herself.

"Meow?" Ryo-ohki replied, her face now perplexed in a way.

*That Dream seemed so real.what did it mean?* Ayeka Thought to herself.
She looked down a Ryo-ohki and began to pet her. She picked her up and
held her against her chest. Ryo-ohki quickly began to purr. Ayeka closed
her eyes and slowly lowered herself onto her soft, white pillow. Still
clutching to Ryo-ohki's dark brown fur, she silently fell back asleep.


  The sun rose slowly over the forested hills that where surrounding the
Masaki Home, the morning air was crisp and fresh. The waters of the
beautiful lake outside the home where so still, and so clear, like a
huge mirror embedded in the warm welcoming earth. The birds where up and
about early as usual, singing there little hearts out. 
  The Masaki home was unusually quite, Ayeka was roaming the halls
searching for a living soul. 

*Isn't there anyone awake! I wouldn't even care if Ryoko poked her head
out of the wall or something, after a night like that!* She thought.

  Then as if summoned by her thoughts.Ryoko poked her head out of the
wall with a huge grin on her face.
"Morning Ayeka!" Ryoko yelled, "What are you doing up so early!"
  
"Umm?" Ayeka was speechless.

"What's wrong Ayeka, I scared you!" Ryoko giggled

"No.not exactly." Ayeka managed to finally speak.

"Well Ayeka, I hope your not out here to find Tenchi!.He's asleep. He
was occupied last night, he's rather exhausted."

"Ryoko, I." She was cut short by Ryoko.

"You what!" Ryoko's grin quickly turned to a evil smirk.

"I.really.didn't have a good night sleep last night." Ayeka mumbled.

"Oh, I see.You where having dreams of Tenchi again, and u couldn't
handle them!" Ryoko laughed and pointed.now fully out of the wall that
she came through. Ayeka's reddish eyes flared, now Ryoko had pushed her
too far.

"NNOOO RYOKO!!!" Ayeka exploded! "Your mind is in the gutter! Why don't
you shut up and listen for once you.!"

"Whaaa!" Ryoko was dumbfounded, she has never seen Ayeka react to her
that way, or even that soon!
