Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of its characters it is 
owned by some company and they do not share my views but this is just a 
story all in fun.
                                        
                         Where's Tenchi?
          It was any normal morning at the Masaki house Sasami was 
cooking breakfast, Ayeka was just waking up and getting dressed, Ryoko 
was drunk and asleep, Washu was in her lab, and Mihosi and Kiyone were 
out protecting the galaxy (yeah right).  When breakfast came along 
everyone came but Tenchi he was no where to be found. "Where is Tenchi" 
asked Ryoko in a low voice from her massive hangover Ayea replys "Yes 
this is odd its breakfast and no Tenchi".
         All the girls began searching the house he was not in his room 
nor the bathroom in which Ryoko telepoted only to find Nobiyuki (which 
was something she wished she hadn't seen).  Soon it was way past 
breakfast and all were in Washus lab (now including Mihoshi and Kiyoni 
because they were told of what was happening). "Well he is no where to 
be found on this whole planet" states Washu "WHAT" Yells Ryoko as she 
grabs Washu by the collar. "Dear I love you but PUT ME DOWN" screams 
washu nearly blowing everyone out of the lab. "Its simple he must be 
using the dimesinol door to escape for awhile he'll be back soon I'm 
sure" says Washu.
        As time passed everyone was worried and Mihoshi and Kiyoni left 
with Washu to search farther into the galaxy. But as days turned into 
weeks and weeks into months Tenchi was still nowhere to be found.  
Finally one day Washu and company returned from there voyage saying the 
found something Tenchi had been spotted on a distant planet and when 
they got there and found him he began to run as if they were trying to 
destroy him.  Washu did find a hair and used here little geniuisse 
portabl lab kit to study it and she discovered that it was tenchi but 
not him fully . It appeared that while resting in another dimension he 
was attacked and the creature attacking him split him into different 
parts. His fear, anger, strength, love, jealousy, and sympathy. The 
only problem was they all had his equal power and none wanted to go 
back together with him.
         No one seemed to care all the girls were prepared to get their 
Tenchi back if it killed them (or him for that matter). All piled into 
Washus lab to get a lock on the first Tenchi it was his fear sighted 
again on the planet of Galash. "Hey I know that planet it is closest to 
Jurai We can all go there and get him" says Sasami gleefully.  "Sasami 
its not that easy "says Washu "We must get them all back together in a 
matter of days or well all these Tenchi's will be permanent. "What" 
screams all the girls? Sasami you take his fear it will be weakest. 
Ayeka you take his strength, Ryoko his anger, Mihoshi his sympathy, 
Kiyonie his jealosy, "and I'll take his love to keep all you girls out 
of trouble" says Washu in here high piched voice. Ayeka and Ryoko rush 
Washu in rage when two door ways open up and send them to the 
dimensions where their designated Tenchi's are. "Everyone else ready" 
yells Washu. "Right" yell the girls as their doors open and they go 
into their new dimensions. Washu soon follows through her own. 
                  So the quest for tenchi has begun will the girls get 
him back together find out in the next installment of Wheres Tenchi 
entitled Sasami's Chase.



          I hope you all at tmffa enjoyed this one it is my first my 
next installment will be coming very soon so keep a look out for it. 
Thanks? Oh yeah E-mail me if you like at supersaijian6@hotmail.com
