I don't own these characters or profit from them.


Who are your friends?
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Aeka ran into the room smiling. "I have some great news! We're all going 
to Jurai for a visit."
  Ryoko frowned. "And you were planning to ask if we wanted to go when 
exactly?"
  "Well you don't have to go. But it's time for the bicentennial family 
reunion and every member of the royal family has to go."
  Tenchi sighed. "Do I have to? I mean what about the carrot fields?"
  Aeka smiled and nodded. "I am afraid so lord Tenchi. You, me, Sasami, 
Yosho, and Mayuka have to attend."
  Ryoko stood up. "Well then I have to go to. Mayuka doesn't go anywhere 
without me and neither does Tenchi." She wrapped her arms around him.
  Aeka frowned and grabbed her arms. "Let him go you demon."
  On the couch Mihoshi and Kiyone were playing with Mayuka. "Aeka stop it or 
you'll make Mayuka cry." Kiyone said.
  "Yeah, stop fighting." Mihoshi said.
  Aeka and Ryoko glared at each other but Aeka let her go and with one last 
glance at Tenchi, Ryoko let him go. He flashed her a quick smile and nodded.
  "Well then Ryoko is coming." Tenchi said. "Are you two coming?"
  Mihoshi and Kiyone looked at each other, then nodded. "Sure, we just need 
to tell headquarters where we'll be." Kiyone said.
  "I'll go see if Washu wants to come too." Mihoshi said. Handing the baby 
to Kiyone she stood up and walked towards Washu's lab. Smiling she opened 
the door and went inside.
  In the lab Mihoshi walked past cages of strange animals. Huge monsters 
that lived on world farther away than anybody else had ever been. Of course 
Mihoshi simply classified them as cute and ugly.
  Finally she came to Washu, who was sitting in her chair typing at her 
computer. "Hi Washu."
  Washu jumped and turned around. "Mihoshi! How do you keep getting in 
here?"
  Mihoshi shrugged. "I came through the door."
  "Well what do you want?" She asked exasperated.
  Mihoshi smiled. "We're all going to Jurai for Aeka's family reunion."
  "But I have some experiment..."
  "Oh come on. You're twenty thousand years old. You can take some time 
off." Mihoshi insisted.
  Washu bit her lip and turned to a spot just behind Mihoshi. Mihoshi 
started to turn to see what she was looking at when Washu jumped up. "Fine, 
I'll come along. But I need to pack a mini-lab so I have something to do."
  Mihoshi nodded. "O.K., I'll come get you when it's time to go." She turned 
and walked through the door that materialized behind her.
  Once she was gone, Washu turned back to the shattered tank that she had 
been looking at before. Something skittered in the darkness. Washu nodded 
and turned to her computer. She had work to do.

  Sasami smiled down at Ryo-oki. "Of course you could take us to Jurai, but 
this way you get to ride with us."
  Ryo-oki looked up at Ryuoh. "Meow, myah, meow."
  "What?" Sasami asked.
  Ryoko smiled. "She say's she's not sure if she trusts it. The only other 
ship she's been on for a long trip was the Soja and every Jurai ship she's 
been near has tried to kill her."
  "Oh..." Sasami picked up the furry toddler. "It's alright Ryo-oki. I won't 
let anything happen."
  They all walked onto the ship. Washu was dragging a large metallic case 
behind her. Tenchi looked at it curiously. "What's that Washu?"
  Washu smiled. "Just something to work on for the trip."
  Tenchi shook his head and smiled. "You need to take a break sometime 
Washu."
  "I will soon Tenchi, very soon." Washu said absently as she passed him. 
Tenchi watched her go, then shrugged.
  "Take care of the girls Tenchi." Noboyuki said from the bottom of the 
ramp. "Especially my granddaughter."
  Tenchi smiled. "I will dad. Are you sure you don't want to come?"
  He shook his head. "Nah, I wouldn't fit in. Besides, I have to go to work. 
Bring me back a souvenir... or a girl of my own."
  Tenchi smirked. "I'll get you a snow globe."
  Noboyuki laughed and waved as the ramp began to retract. When it closed up 
Tenchi turned and headed towards the main part of the ship. It looked just 
like it did before the fight with Ryo-oki.
  Aeka was busy playing with Ryo-oki. For a brief moment he remembered when 
they had found that fuzzy little pet of hers smashed in Ryuoh's wreckage. 
Sasami had cried for hours. Kiyone and Mihoshi were taking care of Mayuka 
and Washu had gone to her room the minute she was aboard. Yosho was sitting 
near the waterfall meditating.
  It took him almost five minutes before he located Ryoko in the bushes off 
to the right. Smiling Tenchi walked over to her. Ryoko just sat staring at 
the ground and pulling up blades of grass. "Are you alright Ryoko?"
  She looked up as he sat down across from her. "Yeah, I suppose. I just 
have a bad feeling." She sighed. "I don't know, maybe I'm not used to having 
all my gems yet."
  Tenchi smiled and shook his head. "I'm sure you'll get used to it again 
Ryoko."
  She smiled. "You never did tell me, why did you give them back to me 
Tenchi?"
  "Well I... I guess I wanted you to know that I..." He paused.
  "That you what Tenchi?" She asked hopefully.
  He blushed. "That I trust you Ryoko. I trust you more than just about 
anyone."
  Ryoko looked at him closely. "Trust? Is that all Tenchi."
  "Well I..." He began.
  Aeka suddenly cut him off. "Oh there you are Tenchi. Come on, I want to 
show you the view." Without waiting for him to answer she grabbed his hand 
and pulled him after her. Tenchi looked back at Ryoko, but she just grinned 
and mouthed the words 'See you later'.
  Ryoko waited until they were gone, then got up to walk over to take her 
turn with Mayuka. Despite her differences with the girl, Ryoko had come to 
care for the baby almost as much as she loved Tenchi. And Mayuka was always 
happy to see her.

  Aeka lay in bed that night, sound asleep. She was having a wonderful dream 
where Tenchi married her and became a great ruler at her side. They would be 
together forever. And Ryoko would serve as her personal footstool.
  "Do you truly want that Aeka?" A voice asked.
  The dream images vanished. Aeka was alone in the dark with that voice. 
"Yes... I want it."
  "Then let me in. I can give you Tenchi. I can give you Ryoko. Just invite 
me into your mind."
  Aeka nodded. "Come in..." Then everything went black.

  Sasami moaned in her sleep. She was having a nightmare about Ryoko and 
Aeka fighting. "Stop, please stop."
  The voice laughed. "Tsunami can't stop them from fighting, can she?" The 
voice asked.
  Sasami looked around. "No... who are you?"
  "A friend. I want to help you Sasami. I want to stop the fighting."
  Tsunami's voice whispered in her ear, but Sasami couldn't make out what 
she was saying over the other voice. "Can you really do that?"
  "If you'll let me. Just let me in and nobody will fight ever again."
  Sasami smiled. "I'd like that..."

  Yosho stared up at his father's face. His parents didn't see him hiding 
there.
  "He will never be accepted." Asuza said. "They would rather Aeka take the 
thrown. If Yosho is made heir, they will revolt."
  "But you are emperor." Funaho said. "Surely you can change the law."
  "I have changed it. But I can't change what he is... what you are." Asuza 
held Funaho close. "I love you as much as I do Masaki, but to the others you 
are still an Earthling. A being from a backward planet. So is he. And his 
involvement with that demon Yuzuha hasn't helped matters."
  "You said he had the power, the Jurai power. You said it was as strong as 
you had ever seen." She buried her face into his shoulder.
  "And that just makes it worse." Asuza said, holding her tightly. "They'll 
just see him as a danger. They will want to kill him."
  Yosho couldn't take any more. He burst from his hiding place and ran out 
the door. Behind him he could hear his mother calling his name. He didn't 
care any more. But then the voice changed. It wasn't his mother any more.
  "Yosho, you want to stop running don't you? To stop having to hide on a 
tiny little world and pretending to be decrepit old man who sends a boy out 
to fight his battles."
  Yosho nodded. "Yes, I want to stop."
  "Then let me in Yosho. I can make it all stop."
  This time the voice didn't wait for his answer. And so it went through the 
night, one by one.

  Tenchi yawned and stretched as he woke up. "What a strange dream." Some 
strange voice had promised him that it could help him tell Ryoko how he felt 
about her. But before he could answer he had woken up. Oh well, it was only 
a dream anyway. He would tell her when he was ready.
  Tenchi quickly headed to the bathroom. Once he was done there he decided 
to go get some breakfast. The others were probably there already.
  As he walked down the hall, he was surprised at how quiet everything was. 
Usually in the morning he would hear Mayuka crying and Ryoko and Aeka 
fighting. But today there wasn't even a bird singing. Of course they were in 
space so that was no surprise, but still it was somehow unsettling.
  When he got to the kitchen though, he smiled as he saw everyone sitting at 
the table. "Good morning everyone." None of them seemed to hear him. "Are 
you all O.K.? Ryoko? Mihoshi?" None of them looked up. Even Mayuka just sat 
there with the blank look on her face.
  "I think I can tell you what's going on." Someone said behind him.
  Tenchi turned and saw Washu. "Washu is this one of your experiments?"
  "No, this isn't Washu's experiment, it's mine." Washu said.
  Tenchi looked at her curiously. "What do you mean?"
  "Well if you will be so kind to wait while Ryoko grabs you..." Tenchi 
suddenly found himself in Ryoko's grip, unable to move. "Ah yes, much 
better."
  Tenchi struggled against her. "Ryoko, let me go."
  "Oh, she can't hear you I'm afraid." Washu said.
  "Who are you? You can't be Washu." Tenchi yelled.
  Washu smiled. "You always were a bright one. Washu always liked that about 
you." Suddenly Washu's shirt twitched and her face went as blank as the 
others were. A creature that looked like some brown beach ball fell to the 
ground.
  The creature looked up at him and Tenchi heard its voice in his head. "I 
am the Mass."
  Tenchi frowned. "You mean those things Ryo-oki merged with?"
  Mass rippled slightly. "Yes, my followers. I was exploring the cage Washu 
kept us in that day when suddenly my followers were gone. Gone to do the 
bidding of that furry little monster."
  "So what do you want from us?" Tenchi asked.
  The Mass wiggled closer. "I want new followers. Washu was the first of 
your kind I learned to control. She grew so tired working like she did and 
the body she uses is made up of many of my followers. From her I learned 
control. All I had to do was get in and to do that I just had to promise 
them what they wanted."
  It hopped closer to him. "It was al very interesting. All of them wanted 
so many interesting things... except for Ryoko. She just wanted you to be 
happy. Until I promised her that she kept turning me down, even when I said 
she could have you. And when I get to the rest of the royal family it won't 
be long before..." It looked up. "Hey! Where did you go?"
  Tenchi had vanished from Ryoko's arms. He reappeared behind the Mass 
dressed in his battle suit. He pushed the tip of his sword against the 
creature. "Let them go."
  It laughed in his head. "Ha! Just try it. If you hurt me or even touch me, 
I'll explode and take this whole ship with me. Your precious Ryoko and 
Ryo-oki may survive, but the others will be dead."
   Tenchi stepped back and barely dodged as Washu made a grab for him. "I 
won't let this happen."
  "Give yourself over to me and everything will be alright." The Mass said 
inside his head. "You will never have to worry again."
  Tenchi frowned at the Mass, then looked up at the others. He saw Ryoko, 
staring at him through lifeless eyes. He had promised her after Kagato that 
he would never let that happen again.
  He turned back to the Mass. "There is one thing I can do." He stepped 
towards it and summoned the light hawk wings.
  "What? No, what are you doing?" The Mass screamed as the wings surrounded 
both it and Tenchi.
  Tenchi looked up through the force field at his family. "I love all of 
you." He turned to Ryoko. "I love you Ryoko. Take care of Mayuka." With that 
he picked up the master key and plunged it into the center of the Mass. With 
a final scream, the little brown ball exploded.

  "Tenchi? Can you hear me?" A voice asked. Tenchi's eye fluttered open and 
he saw Ryoko sitting above him. "Oh good, you're awake." She slapped him 
across the face.
  Tenchi sat upright and rubbed his cheek. "Ow! What was that for?"
  Ryoko frowned. "For trying to get yourself killed you idiot! You know you 
scared us all half to death."
  Tenchi looked down at himself. "Speaking of which, why am I still alive?"
  Washu moved into his view. "From what I can tell, when Tsunami brought you 
back to life she also made you a lot more durable, like Ryoko."
  Tenchi looked at her suspiciously. "How do I know you're the real Washu?"
  "Well if you want me too I'll take my clothes off and you can inspect me 
yourself." She said grinning.
  "Uh... no. That's alright." Tenchi stuttered. "So how long was I out?"
  "Three days." Ryoko said. "You're lucky you woke up at all."
  Washu nodded. "I'm actually quite impressed that you survived a direct 
antimatter explosion Tenchi." She winked at him. "Though I think Aeka may 
have something worse in mind for you after you went and declared your love 
for Ryoko."
  Tenchi gulped and looked at Ryoko sheepishly. "Oh yeah... I almost forgot 
about that part."
  Ryoko smirked. "So it talked you thinking you aren't going to live to see 
tomorrow to get you to say you love me huh?" She grinned and ran a finger 
down his cheek. "I hate to think what I'll have to threaten you with to get 
you to kiss me."
  Tenchi blushed bright red. "Well I... I mean..."
  Washu laughed and turned to leave the room. "I'll let you two talk for a 
while."
  Once she was gone Ryoko moved closer to him. "Well Tenchi, are you going 
to kiss me or do I have to get mean?" She smiled, pushing her face directly 
into his, the light sparkling on her fangs and eyes.
  Tenchi gulped loudly, just before Ryoko pressed her lips against him. 
Suddenly he closed his eyes and a low moan came from both of them. Finally 
after an eternity, Ryoko broke the kiss and said, "I love you Tenchi."
  "I love you too Ryoko."

  Several hours later Ryoko had left to take care of Mayuka. Tenchi got up 
and walked to the bridge of the ship, where Aeka sat between Azaka and 
Kamidaki. She smiled up at him as she saw him coming. "Oh lord Tenchi, 
you're finally awake." She rushed forward and hugged him... then took a step 
back. "I'm sorry, that was forward of me."
  Tenchi smiled. "It's alright Aeka."
  Aeka bowed her head. "But you belong to Ryoko, I had no right."
  Tenchi put his hand on her shoulder. "Aeka, just because I love Ryoko 
doesn't mean I don't care about you too. I love all of you like family."
  Aeka looked up at him. "So you won't ask me to leave?"
  Tenchi smiled and shook his head. "Of course not."
  Just then Sasami and Ryo-oki came running up to them. "Oh Tenchi you're 
alright! Tsunami said you would be but I was so worried." They each latched 
onto one of his legs.
  Tenchi smiled down and rubbed their heads. "I'm fine now Sasami, but 
thanks for worrying."
  Kiyone and Mihoshi seemed to materialize from nowhere and both of them 
hugged him too. "Tenchi, you're all right, we were so worried." Mihoshi 
said.
  Kiyone smiled up at him. "That was a very stupid, but brave thing you did 
Tenchi. Thank you." They each kissed one of his cheeks.
  Tenchi blushed. "It was all I could think of really."
  Aeka smiled. "But they are right lord Tenchi. You saved us all again."
  Mihoshi looked at Aeka. "I thought you said that when Tenchi woke up you 
were going to skin him alive for choosing Ryoko over you."
  Aeka blushed and smiled meekly at Tenchi. "I changed my mind."
  Tenchi smiled and they all hugged him again. After a while he untangled 
himself and went to check on Mayuka. He found her with Ryoko and Yosho. 
Yosho was bouncing her on his knee while Ryoko watched.
  "How is she?" Tenchi asked.
  Yosho handed Mayuka to him. "She is doing fine Tenchi."
  Tenchi took her. "Thanks grandpa."
  As Yosho left the room Ryoko walked over and sat beside him. "You know, 
since this whole thing happened Washu hasn't been working nearly as hard."
  Tenchi smiled and said, "That's good. Ouch!" Mayuka had dug her furry 
purple claws into his thumb.
  Ryoko giggled along with the baby. Tenchi smiled and laughed too, tickling 
Mayuka's belly.
  "You know Tenchi, I'm a little afraid of this reunion thing. I mean most 
of them probably aren't too happy with me even if they do know it wasn't my 
fault." Ryoko said.
  Tenchi smiled at her. "Believe me Ryoko, you aren't the only one. I keep 
thinking that they'll all be like Serio or Asuza and Masaki. And I am so 
scared that I'll say something to cause some sort of intergalactic war."
  Ryoko reached out and rubbed his cheek. "Tenchi, you are a great guy. I'm 
sure everyone there will love you."
  He smiled and leaned against her hand. "Look I'll make you a deal. I will 
stop worrying about if you do."
  Ryoko laughed. "Deal." She leaned forward and kissed him. Tenchi kissed 
her back and Mayuka spat up on both of them.

  The ship landed on Jurai a day later. They were met at the spaceport by a 
dozen guards. Aeka took the lead while the rest of them followed close 
behind. They were lead through a huge city that was a combination of trees 
and technology. It was all quite beautiful.
  Finally they were brought to a park full of people. Guards stood all 
around, while the other people milled around between talking, food tables, 
and games Tenchi did not recognize.
  "Aeka! Sasami!" Came a yell. They all looked up to see Masaki running 
towards them.
  "Mommy!" They both yelled and rushed forward to hug her, followed by 
Ryo-oki.
  Asuza and Funaho walked up behind Masaki. Yosho stepped forward and hugged 
his mother. Asuza looked at Tenchi and Ryoko. "I hear a lot happened to you 
on the way here."
  Tenchi nodded. "Yes, it did."
  Mihoshi smiled. "Tenchi saved us all again, right Kiyone?"
  "That's right. He could have died." Kiyone said.
  Asuza looked down at Tenchi, "I see. And who is that you have there?" He 
bent down to look at Mayuka.
  Tenchi smiled. "This is my daughter Mayuka."
  Asuza reached out and Tenchi handed him the baby. "I don't remember you 
having a baby the last time we checked in. Least of all one with purple 
fur." Mayuka began tugging at his beard.
  Tenchi smiled. "That's kind of a long story."
  A man Tenchi didn't recognize came up behind him. "Well then you'll have 
to tell us." He turned and yelled out to the crowd. "Story time everyone!"
  They all crowded around Tenchi and the others, asking questions. It seemed 
that they were all interested in hearing about their long lost cousin. 
Tenchi looked at Ryoko who shrugged, as confused as he was.
  For the next few hours Tenchi told everyone what life had been like since 
he had released Ryoko from the cave. All the crazy adventures and people 
he'd met. Occasionally they would ask questions of the others too.
  Finally when they knew everything there was to know, the crowd broke up. 
Aeka and Sasami began talking with some of the others while Mihoshi and 
Kiyone were talking with some of the guards. Washu and Yosho were talking 
with the emperor who still held Mayuka in his arms, leaving Tenchi and Ryoko 
by themselves.
  "Well that was awkward." Ryoko said.
  "Tell me about it. I think I see why they only have these things once 
every two centuries."
  Ryoko smiled at him. "I'm not sorry we came though. Nothing that could 
possibly happen will ruin this trip for me."
  Tenchi picked up her hand. "I know what you mean Ryoko. I'm just sorry I 
didn't say it earlier."
  Ryoko shook her head. "I understand Tenchi. As long as you did say it I am 
happy."
  "Thanks Ryoko." He said. "You, Mayuka, and the others are everything to 
me."
  "Same here Tenchi." Ryoko kissed his cheek.
  After that there was music and dancing. Tenchi danced with Ryoko, Aeka 
danced with Yosho, Mihoshi danced with Kiyone, Sasami danced with Ryo-oki, 
and Washu danced with everyone.
  Things were going along well. Tenchi was staring into Ryoko's eyes as they 
danced, when a familiar voice called out behind them. "Well isn't this a 
surprise? My, if I'd known that the half breeds were coming I wouldn't have 
felt the need to dress up."
  Tenchi sighed and rolled his eyes. "Please tell me that isn't who I think 
it is."
  Ryoko looked over his shoulder and shook her head. "It's him."
  "That's right, it's me. The great Serio."
  Tenchi turned around and saw Serio standing in a dark shadow, holding a 
fan over his face, with pink blossoms falling all around him. The other 
nobles seemed to be trying to look away; used to Serio's antics, but they 
still seemed to be watching out of the corners of their eyes.
  Tenchi shook his head sadly. "What do you want Serio?"
  Serio closed his fan and smiled. "I want to finish the duel we never had 
on Earth. I don't care if you were declared the winner, you did not actually 
fight me."
  "But you aren't even engaged to Aeka any more. She's free to make her own 
choices. Why would you want to fight me?"
  Serio's smile vanished. "Because you have wounded my pride. And because 
even though you technically won the right to marry her, you chose instead 
the bane of our world."
  Tenchi grabbed Ryoko's hand and held her back as she took a step towards 
Serio. "I agreed to fight you so that Aeka would have the right to choose 
what she wanted." Ryoko nudged him in the ribs. "And to help Ryoko out of 
debt. Ask Aeka what she wants."
  Aeka stepped forward. "I want to stay on Earth with Tenchi and the 
others."
  Serio shook his head. "But you never actually fought me. So unless you do 
Aeka isn't free."
  Tenchi glanced at Asuza who nodded and looked apologetic. "He does have a 
point." He glanced at Aeka. "In my defense he does have a record as a fine 
sword fighter and a noble. I'd never actually met him before we were headed 
for Earth." Masaki swatted him in the back of his head.
  Serio smiled. "So you see, either you fight me or I take Aeka with me when 
I leave here. And no interference from your demon." He backed up a step when 
Ryoko glared at him, sparks shooting off her body.
  Tenchi put his hand on Ryoko's shoulder and she calmed down. "Fine, if you 
insist I fight you I will."
  Aeka smiled at him. "Thank you lord Tenchi."
  "It's alright Aeka. I promised to protect you and I will." He looked at 
the others. "I'd do the same for any one of you."
  "That's why we all love you Tenchi," Ryoko said. The others all nodded in 
agreement. Ryoko smirked, "Just try not to hurt him too bad."

  Tenchi was amazed at how laid back some of the other royals were. Some 
were making bets on the fight while others kept yelling for them to give 
them a show. Yosho apparently had his entire month's pay bet on him.
  "Are you absolutely sure about this?" Tenchi asked, holding up the master 
key.
  Serio activated his own sword. "Are you bowing out due to my superior 
skills?" The entire crowd rolled their eyes. Tenchi shook his head. "Then 
let us begin."
  Serio rushed forward and Tenchi blocked his blow. As they fought Tenchi 
and the others had to admit that Serio really was very good with his sword. 
In fact he had backed Tenchi into a corner.
  Ryoko and the others started cheering him on. "Come on Tenchi, you can do 
it!" Meanwhile several of the others were cheering for Serio... at least 
they were until Ryoko growled at them.
  Tenchi finally managed to push Serio back a few steps. Unfortunately the 
pink haired moron had centuries of experience. He took a step back and 
twisted his sword, knocking Tenchi's sword out of his hand. Half the crowd 
gasped and half of them cheered. Serio smiled and swung a killing blow.
  The sword stopped inched from Tenchi's face. At first it looked like Serio 
had shown mercy, but it soon became obvious that he was trying to chop off 
Tenchi's head. The air where the sword stopped began to glow.
  As the light hawk wings formed Tenchi's clothes turned to the white battle 
suit. All of the assembled royals sat and stared in shock as Tenchi grabbed 
a wing and formed it into a sword. He hefted it slightly, then looked at 
Serio.
  Serio fell to his knees and dropped his sword. "I give up."
  Tenchi smiled and let the sword dissipate. Turning he smiled at his 
friends and began walking towards them.
  "Tenchi, look out!" Ryoko yelled, just before Serio's sword stuck through 
his stomach from behind.
  Tenchi looked down in surprise, mostly because it didn't hurt. He poked at 
the blade a few times, then turned to look at Serio. "Why did you do that?"
  Serio and everyone else watched in shock as Tenchi reached behind himself 
and pulled out the sword. "I guess I really am like Ryoko."
  Serio's eyes rolled back in his head and he fainted. Ryoko and the others 
ran forward and hugged him. Yosho went around collecting his money, while 
Asuza had some of the guards carry Serio away. The emperor walked over to 
Tenchi and said, "I am sorry Tenchi. Serio's attack was cowardly."
  Tenchi smiled. "Aeka is free to do what she wants right?"
  He nodded. "Aeka and Sasami can do anything they want."
  Sasami laughed, "Thank you Tenchi, you were great." She hugged his leg.
  Masaki nodded. "I agree, my daughters are in good hands Tenchi."
  "We all are," Kiyone added.
  Tenchi smiled at his family and hugged them. "Can we go home now?"

The End

Author's note
  So what did you think? Tell me at clayton_n@hotmail.com.

