This is my third story and I hope you like it.  As with my other stories, the 
main character is Hakubi, Tenchi's grandson.  If you haven't read my other 
stories, then here is a brief family tree.  Tenchi married Ryoko and Ayeka, and 
is the Emperor of Jurai sometime in the far future.  He has a daughter named 
Achika with Ayeka and a son named Devon with Ryoko.  Devon grew up and married 
Sasami/Tsunami and their son is Tenchi Hakubi Jurai Masaki II or Hakubi for 
short.  Rye-Ohki is Hakubi's cabbit that Washu made for him.

As usual, I do not own these characters, other than the ones I make up for this 
story.  Tenchi and crew belong to Pioneer and AIC.

'Mental link'
<Thoughts>
"Spoken or sounds"

Prologue: The Incident (Some time after OAV 13 and a few days after Hakubi/Car 
had returned to his own time from Tenchi Muyo: No Need for the Past.)

	"What a beautiful day!" Kamidake told his counterpart.
	"Yes indeed.  Another wonderful day!" Azaka agreed.  It was a normal day 
in the life of a teenager named Tenchi Masaki.  The two rivals for his love, 
Ryoko and Ayeka, fought in the morning as usual, and Tenchi scampered away to 
the fields to avoid them as usual.  But in his rush, he forgot his lunch.
	<I hope I can avoid those two,> Tenchi thought to himself as he peeked 
through the back door.  He tiptoed into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator.  
<I'll just grab something and get out of here before they find me.>
	"Tenchi!" a voice called out.  Tenchi jumped a foot in the air.  He turned 
around and saw Sasami standing in the doorway.  "I was just about to prepare 
lunch!  If you would just wait a few more minutes."
	"Oh Sasami, it's just you."  Tenchi gave a sigh of relief and wiped the 
sweat off his forehead.  "I'm kind of in a rush, so if you don't mind, I'll have 
my lunch to go."
	"Sure Tenchi."  Sasami skipped into the kitchen and started to pull a few 
things out of the refrigerator.  "Miss Washu wanted to see you.  Why don't you 
talk to her while I'm making your lunch?"
	"Good idea Sasami.  Just don't tell your sister or Ryoko where I am."
	"OK Tenchi."  Tenchi peeked around the corner to see if anyone was there.  
When he was sure no one was sleeping on the couch or napping on a beam, he slid 
along the wall to the staircase and ducked into Washu's lab.
	"Tenchi!  Just the person I wanted," said Washu with an evil smile on her 
face.
	"More tests again, Little Washu?"  Tenchi was starting to regret coming to 
the lab.
	"Exactly, but not on you."  
This was music to Tenchi's ears.  "So what do you need me for?"
	"Remember Car?"  Washu had erased everyone's memories about the true 
identity of Hakubi.
	"Of course I remember," Tenchi replied as he walked up to Washu.  "He went 
back to his own time a just a few days ago."  There were certain things that 
Washu could not erase without creating confusion, so she left the whole time 
traveling royal guardsman bit still intact and created some false memories to 
fill in the gaps.
	"And do you remember where he got his time machine?"
	"He said that you made it and sent him back."
	"That's right.  And here it is!"  Washu pressed a button on her computer 
and spotlights illuminated a large machine in the center of the lab.  "And you 
are going to help me test it!"  Washu struck a pose and from out of nowhere 
trumpets flared.
	"You aren't going to send me back in time are you?"  A large bead of sweat 
formed on his head just thinking about it.
	"Of course not, silly boy."  Washu typed a few things into her computer 
and started the machine.  "Here, hold this."  From a subspace pocket, Washu 
pulled out a plastic carrot with blinking lights and handed it to Tenchi.  "Now 
go stand on that mark on the floor."  Tenchi complied and walked over to a large 
white 'X' painted on the floor.
	"What are you going to do?"  Tenchi started to sweat some more.  He 
couldn't help feeling like he was standing on the bull's eye.
	"I just need to test the targeting and scanning sensors on complex organic 
and inorganic materials.  So stay still."  Washu's fingers flew over her 
transparent keyboard, causing some strange noises and lights to emanate form the 
machine.  "Let's see here..." Washu trailed off.  "Target is acquired.  Subject 
is a living organism."  A picture of Tenchi came up on her screen.  She walked 
up to Tenchi to show him the results.  "See, all ready.  Just a few more tests 
and this puppy will be ready to go."  Tenchi looked at the screen, not 
understanding most of what he saw.
	"Oh, what's this do?" Mihoshi suddenly asked.
	"Mihoshi!  How did you get in here?  Don't push that button!" Washu yelled 
out as she ran to the control panel on the time machine.  It was too late.  
Mesmerized by all the flashing lights and shiny buttons, Mihoshi couldn't resist 
pushing a few.
	"Oops!"  The machine made louder noises and the lights started to get 
brighter.  "I'm sorry, maybe this will help."  Mihoshi pushed a few more buttons 
in a vain attempt to stop the machine.
	"Ah!  Get away from there!  You'll break it!"  Washu pushed Mihoshi aside 
and pushed some buttons of her own.  
	"Washu!  What's happening?"  The room was getting brighter and for some 
reason, Tenchi felt himself get lighter.  He looked down at his feet and swore 
he could see right through them.  He raised his hands to shield his eyes from 
the blinding light, just in time to see the plastic carrot he was holding fade 
away.  "Washu!"
	"I'm sorry Tenchi.  The machine is out of control.  I'll fix everything.  
Don't you worry, it'll be all ri-"  Washu was cut off as the machine gave off a 
burst of light.  And then there was nothing but blackness and silence.


Who Needs Tenchi?


(Approximately one year before the incident.)

	"Approaching colony 0-315," Kamidake noted from is post aboard Ryo-Oh.  
	"Commencing scan," said Azaka at his post.  "Scan complete.  No sign of 
Prince Yosho or the space pirates Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki."
	"Setting course to next possible planet.  No need to wake the Princess."  
Ryo-Oh veered away from the planet and headed out of the system.  Leaving colony 
0-315, or Earth as the indigenous people called it, never to return.  


(Ten years after the incident.)

	"Approaching colony 2-426," Azaka noted from his post.
	"Receiving a transmission from Jurai," Kamidake called out, "On screen 
now."
	Emperor Azusa appeared and looked down at the two guardians.   "Azaka, 
Kamidake, I am ordering you to bring my daughters back home.  The space pirate 
Ryoko has returned and it is no longer safe for you them to be gallivanting 
about the galaxy.  It is about time for her to fulfill her duty as crown 
princess."  In the background, a man with pink hair was smiling behind a fan.
	"We understand your highness.  Changing course now," Azaka replied.

	At the same moment, a white crystalline ship appeared near colony 0-315.  
	"Any sign of Ryoko?" the female captain asked her ship.  
	"Ciao," came a reply.  Apparently the woman understood the strange noise.
	"Is that so?  Contact Kagato immediately."  The ship made another noise 
and a view screen came to life, showing a ship approaching at high speed.
	"Space Pirate Ryoko, this is detective first class Mihoshi of the Galaxy 
Police.  You are under arrest for multiple counts of murder in the first degree, 
murder in the second, murder in the third, piracy, assault, assault with a 
deadly weapon, destruction of public property, destruction of private property, 
trespassing, armed robbery, breaking and entering, loitering..."
	"Not another one."  The woman cut off communications and spoke to her 
ship, "Ken-Ohki, get rid of her."  The ship did as he was told and opened fire.  
He scored a direct hit and Mihoshi's ship spiraled downwards towards Earth.  
	"Miss Mihoshi, our weapons and engines have become inoperable and the 
gravity from the planet is pulling us towards it," reported Yokinojo.
	"That's bad isn't it?"
	"Yes!" Yokinojo yelled back.
	With Mihoshi's incredible luck, she would survive the crash without a 
scratch, but today her luck ran out.  The new Space Pirate Ryoko left nothing to 
chance.
	"Ken-Ohki, finish her off."  A large laser beam ripped through Yokinojo's 
hull, setting off multiple explosions, engulfing the little ship.  Nothing was 
left but white-hot, twisted metal.

	It did not take long before the Soja arrived on scene.  
	"What did you find?" Kagato asked the woman.
	"We have detected a faint energy source that matches the master key, 
Master," the woman replied, bowing before Kagato.
	"I see."

	Kagato easily found the exact location of the master key and he 
immediately teleported to it.  It was in a cave near a Shinto shrine in the 
mountains.
	"There you are," Kagato said out loud as he opened the doors of a little 
replica of the shrine, exposing the master key.  "I've been looking for you for 
a long time."  Kagato reached into the little house and grabbed the sword.  A 
large blue bolt of electricity surged through his body.  He yelled out in pain 
and let go of the sword.
	"Playing with something that doesn't belong to you?" a voice called from 
the mouth of the cave.  Kagato cursed under his breath and teleported outside.  
An old man with a wooden sword sat on a rock near the entrance of the cave.
	"So the Prince shows himself at last."  Kagato smiled and approached 
Yosho.
	"What are you doing here?" Yosho asked in his characteristic grave manner.
	"I have come in search of the greatest power in the universe, and I might 
as well take my Ryoko while I'm here."
	"The greatest power, bah.  There is no such thing."
	"Are you so sure?" Kagato asked with a laugh.  "Your master key is somehow 
linked to it."
	"The master key is nothing but a tool," Yosho replied as he stood up.  
"You have nothing else to find here."
	"I will take the master key, and my Ryoko.  And you are going to give them 
to me."  Kagato created his large, green energy sword and raised it for a 
strike.
	"Never!"  Yosho lashed out with his boken.
	Kagato easily dodged the blow and laughed.  "You must be crazy to think 
that you can defeat me with a toy sword!"  Faster than the eye could see, Kagato 
moved behind Yosho and knocked him to the ground.  He reached down and lifted 
Yosho by his throat.  "And to think that they said you were the best swordsman 
in all of Jurai.  I don't see how you could have defeated my Ryoko like this."  
	<He's right.  I haven't trained for too long,> Yosho thought to himself.
	"Now you will give me the sword."  Kagato raised Yosho a few more feet and 
gave his neck a squeeze.
	"Never!" was all Yosho could say as he gasped for air.
	"Then you will die!"

	In the distance, beams of light shot out of the leaves of Funaho into to 
the water around it.  For a few minutes, light danced over its glassy surface.  
As suddenly as is started, it died, and a leaf fell.

(Far into the future, where the timeline hasn't changed yet.)

	"Now split yourself in two," Devon said to his son.  He, Hakubi, and Rye-
Ohki where at the training grounds in the palace, practicing a new technique.  
"Concentrate.  It's just like teleportation remember?"
	Hakubi concentrated and successfully split himself.  He opened his eyes 
and saw himself stare back at him.  He lifted his right arm, and so did his 
double.  <I don't think I'll ever get used to this,> they thought to themselves.
	"Good.  Now create a sword."  Both Hakubis concentrated and a purple 
energy sword appeared in their hands.  "Not so powerful, we don't want to hurt 
anyone."  The swords turned a lighter shade of purple.  "Good.  Rye-Ohki, are 
you ready?"
	Rye-Ohki mewed a positive and raised his boken.  Rye-Ohki was now using a 
humanoid form of a young adult.  It was only a year before when he was still 
using the child form, and Hakubi had asked Washu why he changed so soon when 
Ryo-Ohki had stayed as a child for a very long time.  She explained that Ryo-
Ohki was never meant to have a humanoid form like Rye-Ohki was and since Ryoko 
never had a childhood, she could not use her memories and experiences as a 
reference.  To Hakubi it didn't really matter whether he was a child or a 
cabbit.  Rye-Ohki would always be a part of him.
	"Whenever you're ready."  Devon created his own energy sword and raised 
it.  The Hakubis faced their opponents and attacked.  This technique was still 
new to Hakubi and he had a hard time thinking straight.  He was loosing his 
match with his father and with Rye-Ohki.  Soon they were pushed back to back.  
Hakubi had a quick mental discussion with himself and they decided on a plan of 
attack.  They waited, and let their opponents move closer.  Devon and Rye-Okhi 
both swung at the same time and the Hakubis disappeared.  They both materialized 
next to his father and struck.  Devon managed to block one blow but was hit by 
the other.  In a blink of an eye they were gone and materialized next to Rye-
Ohki.  Rye-Ohki ducked under the blows and rolled away.
	'That's not fair!' Rye-Ohki protested through their mental link.  
	'Do you know what's even more unfair?' Hakubi thought back.  One of him 
teleported behind Rye-Ohki and swung his sword.  Rye-Ohki jumped out of the way 
only to be caught by the other Hakubi.  'I can read you mind too.'
	'That's cheating!'  Rye-Ohki turned back into his cabbit form and jumped 
away from Hakubi.  He walked up to Devon and meowed loudly while pointed to 
Hakubi.
	"I know, I know.  But you where doing pretty good for a while."  Rye-Ohki 
crossed his arms and stuck his tongue out at Hakubi.  "Why don't you spar with 
someone else for now and I'll spar with Ten-chan."  Devon motioned to a guard 
and tossed him a boken.  "Now go easy on him," he said to a still pouting Rye-
Ohki.  Rye-Ohki looked at the guard and gave him a mischievous smile.  He 
changed back to his adult form and picked up his boken where he dropped it.
	Soon they where fighting.  Rye-Ohki clearly had the upper hand.  Not only 
was he stronger than the average Juraian, he also had the memories of all the 
lessons that Hakubi had learned throughout his life.  Devon motioned to a couple 
more guards and soon Rye-Ohki was fighting four men at the same time.  
Meanwhile, Devon was fighting with both Hakubis, and winning.  "You still need 
of a lot of practice if you want to beat me like this, but it's not that an 
important technique to learn."  Devon batted one Hakubi away, spun around and 
knocked the other Hakubi down.  "It's getting late.  Why don't we stop now."  
Both Hakubis teleported away, but only one materialized in front of Devon.  Rye-
Ohki also ended his match with the guards.  They bowed to each other and 
returned to their posts, with a few more bruises.
	"Whew, I'm going to take bath," said Hakubi as he wiped his face with a 
towel.
	'You should.  You stink pretty bad,' Rye-Ohki joked.
	"Same to you, fur-ball," Hakubi said as he threw his towel at Rye-Ohki's 
face.  Devon looked at the pair and could only wonder what they had said to each 
other through their link.  Sometimes it was a bit unnerving to hear only bits 
and pieces of a one-sided conversation.  He just ignored it as usual and picked 
up their gear.

	"Ah, this feels good."  Hakubi was relaxing in one of the pools in the 
royal bathhouse.  Sitting next to the edge in his cabbit form, Rye-Ohki was 
taking the proper cat bath.  "Why don't you take a real bath and stop that 
licking?  You're going to get a hairball."
	'Cabbits and water don't mix,' Rye-Ohki replied.
	Hakubi responded by sending a wave of water to the edge, causing Rye-Ohki 
to jump away from the splashing water.  Rye-Ohki gave him a dirty look and 
Hakubi let out a peel of laughter.  The laughter was suddenly cut short when a 
wave of pain washed over him.  He felt as if his whole body was being pulled 
apart.  Hakubi grabbed his stomach and sunk underwater.
	Rye-Ohki also felt something.  His fur stood on end and he shivered as he 
felt a cold wind blow over him.  He heard some splashing in the pool and turned 
to Hakubi, ready to jump away from another wave.  Instead, he saw Hakubi go 
under.  'Hakubi?  Are you all right?'  When he received no reply, Rye-Ohki 
jumped into the pool transforming into his adult form in mid air.  He waded over 
to Hakubi and pulled his head above water.  Hakubi coughed out a mouthful of 
water and gasped for air. 
	'Thanks,' Hakubi thought back, still gasping for air.
	'What was that about?'
	"I don't know.  Maybe I overdid it today in practice.  I feel fine now."  
Hakubi looked at Rye-Ohki who was waist deep in water.  "I thought cabbits and 
water don't mix?"
	'They do when some people can't keep themselves from drowning in the bath!  
Do you know how long it will take to get my fur dry?'
	"Not long enough!"  Hakubi grabbed Rye-Ohki and dunked him completely 
underwater.  
	'That's it!  I'm leaving.'  Rye-Ohki escaped Hakubi's grasp and got out 
the pool.  He transformed back into his cabbit form and was still soaking wet.  
He gave himself a good shake and walked to the door, looking like a soggy bunny.
	"I'm sorry," Hakubi tried to apologize, but couldn't stop laughing, "At 
least let me help dry you off."  Hakubi got out of the pool himself and reached 
for a towel.  He noticed that the ring he wore was glowing.  <What's this 
about?>  He touched the ring and his Juraian battle armor instantly encased him.  
He looked himself over and instead of a puffball attached to his chest, there 
was a small remote control.  
	'What's going on?' Rye-Ohki asked and hopped back over to Hakubi.
	"I don't know."  Hakubi pulled off the remote and examined it.  It was the 
same one that he had used to open the portal that allowed him to travel back to 
his own time when he went to stop Kain.  A red light was flashing wildly.  <Out 
of batteries?> Hakubi thought to himself.  He pointed it towards an open area 
and pressed the button.  Nothing happened.  He pressed it again and still 
nothing happened, but the light still flashed.  "I'll go ask Miss Washu about 
this."  He reattached it to his armor and touched his ring again to take off the 
battle gear.  He threw a towel to Rye-Ohki and started to dry the wet animal.  

	Thirty minutes later they emerged from the bathhouse.  'I'm going for a 
snack.  You want anything?' Rye-Ohki asked.
	"Sure.  I'll meet you in the kitchen.  I want to talk to Miss Washu 
first."  Rye-Ohki shrugged his little shoulders and scampered off to the 
kitchen, a little puffier than before.
	Hakubi headed off in the other direction, to Washu's lab.  <The palace 
looks different somehow.>  Hakubi shook his head and dismissed the thought.  
<I'm probably just tired.>  He continued on his way till he reached the lab 
door.  Like in the Masaki house on Earth, Washu had chosen a closet door as the 
portal to her lab.  Hakubi knocked on the door and waited for a reply.  He 
knocked again when nothing had happened after a minute.  Still not getting a 
reply, he opened the door.  To his surprise he found a broom closet.  <What in 
the world?>  Hakubi closed the door and opened it again.  Still a broom closet.  
He tried again and still, only a broom closet.
	"Um, excuse me.  Are you lost?"  A familiar voice asked from behind.
	Hakubi turned around and standing in front of him was Ayeka flanked by her 
two guardians Azaka and Kamidake.  "Do you know where Miss Washu's lab went, 
Auntie?"
	"Washu?"  Ayeka gave Hakubi a puzzled look.  "I do not believe that I know 
of a Miss Washu that is staying here in the palace, let alone, any lab of hers."  
This, of course, surprised Hakubi.  
	"Auntie, are you all right?"  Hakubi looked his aunt over and noticed that 
she was wearing a bit more jewelry than usual and a kimono he had never seen 
before.
	This time it was Ayeka who was surprised.  "Auntie?  Do I know you?  Who 
are your parents?"
	Hakubi's jaw almost hit the ground.  "Are you joking?"  The completely 
baffled look on Ayeka's face told him that she was not.  "It's me, Ten-chan.  
You know, your sister's son?"
	This struck a nerve.  Ayeka's face went red and she started fuming.  "How 
dare you make fun of my family like that.  My sister hasn't even been married!  
Azaka, Kamidake, contain this intruder!"  
	"Whoa!  Calm down guys."  
Azaka and Kamidake floated closer to Hakubi, chanting, "I'm coming to get you," 
over and over.  Azaka tried to engulf Hakubi, but he jumped away.  Kamidake 
tried a less civil approach and opened fire.
	"Hey!  Cut that out."  Hakubi dodged the laser blast and backed away.  
"It's me, Hakubi, remember?"  Azaka and Kamidake reply by shooting at him some 
more.  "Guess not."  Hakubi turned around and flew down the hall, not wanting to 
hurt the two guardians.  He rounded a corner and teleported down another hall.
	<I think I lost them.>  Just to be safe, Hakubi flew down another hallway.  
After a few minutes of flying, he sat down in a nearby chair and pondered the 
latest events.  <That was strange.  Washu isn't here and Ayeka doesn't know me.  
If Mom isn't married to Dad, then what am I doing here?>  Hakubi looked both 
ways down the hall to make sure the guardians weren't still coming after him.  
<There's one way to figure out what's going on.  And that's to talk to Mom.>  
Hakubi got up and walked towards the throne room, the most logical place Sasami 
would be at this time.

	"What news do we have about that Demon Ryoko?"  Emperor Azusa asked a man 
with pink hair as they walked towards the throne room.  
	"She has tried multiple attempts to break through our defenses, but she 
cannot get through this time, your Highness," the pink haired man replied.
	"Good.  And how is my daughter doing today, Seiryo?"
	"She is fine sire, exhilarated to be married to the great Seiryo.  She 
just informed me that she had a strange encounter with an equally strange man.  
No one knows who he is, and he is wandering around the palace. The guards have 
not been able to locate him."
	"That is not good.  What does he look like?"
	"Kind of like him!"  Seiryo pointed to Hakubi who was walking out of the 
throne room.
	<She's not there.  Maybe she's in her room,> Hakubi thought to himself.  
He heard a commotion and saw Azusa and a strange pink haired man.  "Grandfather 
Azusa!  When did you get back from your vacation?"
	"I am not your grandfather boy!" Azusa spat back.  "I have no offspring 
with the eyes the same as that demon Ryoko."
	"She is not a demon!" Hakubi yelled back.  He never liked his grandfather, 
and Azusa never like the idea of his daughters marrying people from such low 
status.
	"I Seiryo, will protect you from this heathen, Father!"  Seiryo stepped in 
front of Azusa and opened his fan.  A spotlight centered in on him and rose 
petals started to fall from somewhere unknown.  "I feel sorry for you who will 
feel my power."
	"Who's this idiot?" Hakubi asked.
	"First you insult my wife, and now you insult me.  I was planning to go 
easy on you, but not anymore."  Seiryo closed his fan and struck a pose.
	"This is too weird."  Hakubi turned around and teleported away.
	"Don't just stand there like a fool, go get him!" Azusa ordered his son-
in-law and pushed him down the hall.

	<Nope, not here either.>  Hakubi stood in the center of his mother's room.  
He noticed that the pictures of the whole family were not on her dresser like 
always.  He also noticed that there was not a single carrot shaped cushion in 
sight.  <Maybe their being cleaned.>  Hakubi walked out of the room and decided 
where to go next.  <Maybe the garden?>

	Hakubi was almost to the garden when he saw Rye-Ohki, still in his cabbit 
form, walk across the hall crying.  "What's wrong Rye-Ohki?"  Hakubi quickly 
walked up to his cabbit and picked him up.
	'They threw me out of the kitchen!'  Rye-Ohki jumped onto Hakubi's 
shoulder and told him his story.  'I went down to kitchen to get some carrots 
and this cook that I have never seen before started chasing me with a big knife.  
She kept on calling me a rat or something and soon everyone was chasing me.  I 
ran away as fast as I could and now I can't find Ryo-Ohki or Sasami, and I'm 
still hungry!'
	"I'm having the same type of day.  Let's go find Mom together and see 
what's going on."  Hakubi pulled a carrot out of a subspace pocket and handed it 
to Rye-Ohki.  He grabbed it greedily and started munching.  <What is going on?> 
Hakubi thought to himself as he walked the last few yards to the garden.
	The garden was huge, but Hakubi knew his mother's favorite spot and 
quickly walked to a grove of trees.  Finally his search was over, there in the 
middle of the grove sat Sasami reading a book.  Hakubi was about to call out to 
her, but was stopped by two guards.
	"Excuse me, sir, but where are you going?" a guard asked.  
	"I'm going to see the Princess," Hakubi replied.  He saw the other guard 
put his hand up to his ear, obviously listening to someone through an earpiece.  
He said something quietly and turned his attention to Hakubi.
	"I'm sorry sir, but the Princess cannot be disturbed right now.  If you 
would please come with us now, we will show you to someplace where you can 
wait."  Both guards crossed their staffs in front of Hakubi, blocking his path.
	"Sorry, guys.  Not today."  Hakubi teleported behind the guards and ran up 
to Sasami.  
	"Mom!" Hakubi cried out as the two guards tackled him from behind, sending 
Rye-Ohki flying off his shoulder.  Sasami looked up and her eyes opened in 
shock.  She stood up and started to back away.
	"No!  Don't you recognize me?"  Hakubi threw the two guards off of him and 
approached his mother again.  "It's me.  Your son."
	Sasami froze.  Something inside of her told her that she knew this man, 
that they were connected somehow.  But something else told her to run away in 
fear, to escape this demon that was after her.  Hakubi reached out to touch her 
arm, but was again tackled by the guards.  
	"No!  Get off of me!"  They had called for backup and there was now a pile 
of men on top of him.  Hakubi had only managed to graze his mother's arm.  But 
that was enough.  From where he had touched her, Sasami felt a fire run up her 
arm and consumed her body.  She gasped in surprise as everything went white.  
Memories of a past life flooded into her.  She fell to her knees and clasped her 
head as images of what should have been flashed before her eyes.
	She saw herself as a little girl aboard Ryo-Oh talking to a strange boy 
and woman.  Somehow she knew their names were Tenchi and Ryoko.  In a flash of 
light the scene changed to her sitting in a living room, playing with a cute 
little creature she knew was called Ryo-Ohki.  She saw a group of people, 
including her sister and herself, sitting around a dinner table and enjoying a 
meal that she had proudly prepared.  She felt a happiness that had no equal, and 
Sasami lost herself in the memory.  But suddenly everything went black and a man 
she knew as Kagato emerged from the darkness.  She felt utter terror as she saw 
this man capture the woman, Ryoko.  She saw the boy, Tenchi take the Tenchi-ken 
from a space tree and fly off to battle, like how her brother Yosho had once 
done long before.  She felt the power of Tsunami and through her, saw the boy 
defeat Kagato by creating light hawk wings.  She saw herself hugging this 
Tenchi, after she had told everyone about her and Tsunami.  She had never told 
anyone in this life.  Again there was happiness and peace.  
	Years flashed by and soon she was at her sister's wedding.  It was a 
gorgeous event and she remembered herself with Ryo-Ohki, celebrating the 
marriage of Tenchi to Ryoko and Ayeka.  Sasami could not believe that the space 
pirate Ryoko that had inspired so much fear in her life was actually a very 
close loved-one in another lifetime.  
	Years flashed by again, and she saw the birth of Achika and Devon.  The 
scene focussed on Devon and she saw him grow up before her eyes.  She felt the 
love they shared.  She saw their first date, their first kiss.  Soon it was 
their wedding and then the birth of their son Tenchi.  She felt proud as she 
witnessed his first steps, his first flight, and the first time he created the 
light hawk wings.  She saw her child grow to become a strong, handsome young 
man, the same man that stood before her now.  
	In her mind she reached out to her son, only to have him suddenly taken 
away by a horrible force called Kain.  Again her world was black and tormented.  
She felt the sorrows of a mother having lost her first born and her world became 
a desolate wasteland, swirling around a marble statue of her son.  She saw 
herself weeping at the foot of the statue, mourning her tremendous loss.  
Suddenly the statue cracked and from it burst Ten-chan, alive.  On his shoulder 
sat another cabbit, which had helped change the course of time, and saved her 
son.  Happiness returned and again she was in bliss.  
	Sasami gasped again, still taking in all that she had seen.  From within 
her mind, her voice spoke, "My dear Sasami, the assimilation is now complete.  
We are now one.  And we must set right what has gone wrong.  Do not be afraid 
anymore."
	"Thank you, Tsunami," Sasami whispered.  She opened her eyes and stood up.  
What met her was a seen of utter chaos.  Only a second had past, and Hakubi was 
throwing guards off of him left and right.  Rye-Ohki had transformed to his 
humanoid form and had picked up a staff that a guard had dropped.  With a loud 
hiss he used it like a baseball bat to knock a few guards off of Hakubi.  
	"Rye-Ohki, don't hurt them!" Hakubi yelled out, still struggling with a 
few men.  More men came and Rye-Ohki jumped right into the middle of them, 
spinning the staff and knocking the guards down.  
	"Ten-Chan...Rye-Chan..." Sasami said quietly.  Hakubi had heard her and 
look up.
	"Mom?"  Hakubi turned his attention away from the guards for a second, and 
that was enough for them to knock him down again.
	"Stop it," Sasami said quietly.  No one hear her.
	"Stop it!" she said louder.  The guards had their hands full with Hakubi 
and Rye-Ohki and did not hear the Princess.
	"Stop it now!" she yelled at the top of her lungs.  Everyone froze and 
looked at her.  Hakubi struggled to stand up, but the guards had firmly pinned 
him down.  Rye-Ohki was facing six other guards with his staff.  One stepped 
closer and Rye-Ohki gave a loud hiss which sent the guard back.  "Everyone get 
out of here!  I want to talk to these two alone!"
	"Are you sure that is wise, your Highness?" a guard spoke up.
	"Yes, now let him up."  The guards let go of Hakubi and he stood up, 
dusting himself off.  "Now get going."
	The guards filed out of the grove to leave them alone.  Rye-Ohki threw the 
last guard the staff he was using and bared his fangs one more time.  When all 
of them had left, he transformed into a cabbit and hopped to Sasami, jumping 
into her arms, meowing sadly.
	"Don't worry.  How could I ever forget someone as cute as you?" Sasami 
told the cabbit, touching noses.
	"So you know who we are?" Hakubi asked, breaking the moment.
	"Yes, Tsunami has shown me everything."  Rye-Ohki jumped out of her hands, 
onto her shoulder.
	"Then can you tell me what in the world is going on?"  Hakubi sat down on 
a bench, finally relaxing.
	"Something had happened that effected the flow of time.  I have two sets 
of memories starting from my trip with my sister to find our brother."  Sasami 
sat down next to him and held his hand.  "From then on, everything is radically 
different."
	"Like how?"
	"For one, we never stopped at planet Earth and we never met Tenchi."
	"Why didn't you guys stop?"
	"One memory tells me that we stopped because we detected the life force of 
Ryoko.  I guess we never detected that in my universe so we didn't stop."
	"So something had happened to Ryoko.  Now where getting somewhere."
	"That could be the reason, but I feel that it is something more than 
that."
	"What do you mean?"
	"The Ryoko you know used her ship Ryo-Ohki to slip by our defenses when I 
was little.  We did not detect her before it was too late because her gems are 
similar to Juraian power.  But the Ryoko today, has a different ship, called 
Ken-Ohki.  She had tried hundreds of times to breach our defenses again, but is 
unable to.  The generals believe it is because we have better sensors and 
weapons, but the truth is, this Ryoko does not have a power similar to Jurai.  
This one even looks a little different.  People believe that she has been 
reborn, but from what experiences I had with your Ryoko, I don't believe that is 
possible.  And how did she escape from that cave?  My brother did go off to 
fight her and never returned.  Ryoko was also never heard from again, until a 
time after the universes diverge."
	"Maybe Grandpa did something different in this universe?"
	"That may be, but what he did, I do not know."
	"So Grandpa is the key to this problem."
	"That is my guess.  But you can't do anything until you find Miss Washu."
	"I have no idea where she is.  The door to her lab is gone."
	"The last sighting of the Soja had been in the Sol system.  That was a 
long time ago, and there have been no more sightings since.  If a ship that size 
exploded, I'm sure we, or the Galaxy Police, would have known.  Washu may still 
be trapped inside."
	"I understand.  It was Grandpa that defeated Kagato and released Washu.  
And Kagato came to Earth because Grandpa released Grandma.  When was the Soja 
last seen?"
	"A few years after the split in our universes.  Oh no!"  Sasami stood up, 
suddenly remembering something.
	"What is it?"
	"Funaho.  Funaho had died."
	"What?  Now?"  Hakubi also stood up.
	"No.  In the past, around the time the Soja was seen near Earth.  I was 
not assimilated with Tsunami then so I could not have known then."
	"What does this mean?"  Hakubi knew that Funaho was his great-
grandfather's space tree and had taken root near the Masaki shrine.
	"Something has happened to Yosho.  You must go to Earth and find out what 
happened.  Something happened on Earth that changed everything."
	"Sasami!  Sasami, where are you?" a voice called out from somewhere in the 
gardens.
	"It's Seiryo.  You better leave before he sees you."
	"You mean that pink haired guy?  We've met."
	Seiryo walked into the grove followed by a platoon of guards.  "Sasami!  
Get away from that barbarian!"  
	"Oh jeez, not again," Hakubi muttered.  "Can I hit him?  Please let me hit 
him," Hakubi begged his mother.
	"No, that would make my sister angry.  Even though she doesn't like him, 
he is still her husband."
	"No way?  You got to be kidding me?"  Hakubi could not believe that his 
aunt would ever marry a fool like him.  "I guess things are a lot different than 
I thought."
	"Yes they are.  Get out of here and head to Earth.  I will stall them as 
long as I can."  Hakubi hugged his mom and walked to an open area.
	"Where do you think you are going, you ruffian?" Seiryo yelled after him.
	"Rye-Ohki, let's go."  Rye-Ohki gave Sasami a little kiss on the cheek and 
jumped away.  He hopped to the clearing and jumped high into the air.  In a 
second he transformed into a ship.
	"Be careful.  Don't trust anyone, people have changed." Sasami called out.
	"I will be."  Hakubi teleported into Rye-Ohki and they lifted off.
	"Come back here you demon!" Seiryo yelled at the rising ship.
	"Seiryo, shut up!" Sasami yelled back over the roar of Rye-Ohki's engines.
	"What did you say?"  Seiryo was shocked.  She had never spoken like this 
to him before.
	"You heard me.  I said shut up.  And the rest of you guards, go back to 
your posts," Sasami ordered and she pointed out of the garden.
	Some of the guards started to move, but others stayed still.  "These 
guards are going nowhere.  They are under my command." Seiryo pointed out.
	"I said move it!"  Sasami gave the guards a glare that would burn through 
steel and this time, all of them left.
	"What?"  Seiryo looked around at all his guards leaving.  "How dare you.  
I'm going to tell you father about this little happening," threatened Seiryo.
	"Go ahead.  I'll be glad when you leave.  Your whiney voice is giving me a 
headache."  Sasami felt like a whole new person.  It was as if something had 
blossomed inside of her, giving her the determination and courage to let nothing 
stand in her way.  For once Seiryo was speechless and he stormed out of the 
garden.

	"Is there anyone following us?" Hakubi asked his ship.  They had left 
Jurai and where making their way out of the main system.  
	'No one.  All Juraian vessels are moving away to let us pass.'
	<Thanks Mom,> Hakubi thought to himself.  
"Then let's get to Earth as fast as we can."  Rye-Ohki mewed an affirmative and 
they rocketed off.

	"Sir, the space trees are not responding to our commands," a very 
flustered captain reported to the Emperor.
	"What?  What is going on up there?"  Azusa had summoned Sasami after 
Seiryo had told him what happened.
	"They will not follow the order to attack or pursue the unknown vessel.  
They keep on saying something like they 'Will not attack their mother's son,' or 
something to that effect."  Sasami hid a smile and silently thanked her space 
trees.
	"What did that man say to you?" Azusa asked his daughter.
	"Oh nothing important.  Just that he was lost and needed directions."
	"Seiryo said he saw him hug you.  Now what was going on?" Azusa had also 
noticed a change in his daughter.  She would never hide anything from him 
before, and had always obeyed Seiryo.
	"He was just happy that I could give him the right directions.  Now if you 
excuse me, I need to talk to my sister."  To the shock of everyone, Sasami 
turned and walked away.
	<Ayeka will die laughing when she hears that Seiryo was knocked out by 
nothing more than a large wave,> Sasami thought to herself and stifled a giggle.  
	"What is world is happening?" Azusa asked out loud after his daughter had 
left without being excused.
	"Apparently, that barbarian had done something to our sweet Sasami and 
converted her to a delinquent," Seiryo answered.
	"Seiryo, shut up," was Azusa's reply.


	Hakubi and Rye-Ohki had left the main system of Jurai and were halfway to 
Earth, when Rye-Ohki detected a battle.
	'Hakubi, there are some people fighting not to far from here.  One of them 
is a cabbit!'
	"Are you sure?" Hakubi asked.
	'Positive.  The energy signature definitely matches a cabbit ship.'
	"Is it Ryo-Ohki?"
	'No it's not.  It must be Ken-Ohki!'  Rye-Ohki displayed some data on the 
energy readings he was detecting.  'I'm getting part of their communications, 
audio only.'  There was some static, before Hakubi could clearly hear what was 
being said.
	"...bitch!  You killed her and I'm going to take you in if it's the last 
thing I do!"  
	"That isn't..." Hakubi was interrupted by another transmission.
	"I'd like to see you try.  You Galaxy Police are no match for the great 
space pirate Ryoko!"
	'That is Kiyone!  I'm sure it is.'  Rye-Ohki mewed in excitement.
	"Then let's get over there fast!"

	Kiyone had been tracking Ryoko for years.  She had finally caught up with 
her, and now she was going to arrest her or die trying.  The Yagami opened fire.  
Ken-Ohki's shield easily deflected the barrage and he returned fire.  Kiyone 
tried to dodge the attack, but her left engine was destroyed.  
	"Damnit!" Kiyone yelled in the cockpit of the Yagami.  She franticly 
pushed buttons and transferred more power to the remaining engine.  She flipped 
a switch and fired every missile she had at Ken-Ohki.  Again, to no affect.  
Ken-Ohki fired again and scored multiple direct hits.  Kiyone looked at her 
display and saw her shield power dip dangerously low.  <Yagami won't last 
another attack.>  She looked out the window and saw Ken-Ohki powering up for 
another shot.  "I'm sorry Mihoshi, I failed," Kiyone said out loud and braced 
for the inevitable end.  Ken-Ohki fired and Kiyone closed her eyes as all the 
viewports flared white.
	Kiyone felt nothing, literally, nothing.  She opened her eyes saw 
something she would have never expected.  In front of the Yagami was another 
crystalline ship.  This one was jet black with a blue dome in the center.  Three 
light hawk wings had shielded it from Ken-Ohki's attack.
	"Kiyone!  Get out of here and I'll handle this 'Ryoko'," a strange person 
told her on the view screen.
	"Who are you?  And you are interfering with Galaxy Police business," 
Kiyone replied.
	"Always the policewoman."  Hakubi smiled at Kiyone, glad that she was at 
least somewhat the same.  "It doesn't matter who I am, just get out of here.  I 
need to talk with this space pirate."
	Kiyone started to protest, but was cut off by multiple alarms going off in 
her cockpit.  Kiyone frantically pressed buttons and flipped switches, trying to 
keep her ship form falling apart.  "Whoever you are, thanks for the assist, and 
I'll be back for you Ryoko."  Kiyone turned the ship around and headed to the 
nearest Galaxy Police base for repairs.  Ken-Ohki fired at her, trying to keep 
her from getting away, but Rye-Ohki stayed in between them, shielding Kiyone.
	When Kiyone was well away from the battle, Rye-Ohki's view screen came to 
life.  "Who the hell are you?" the space pirate asked.  She had the same color 
hair as Ryoko, but her eye's where red instead of yellow.  
	"I should ask the same to you.  You are definitely not Ryoko," Hakubi 
replied.
	"And how would you know?" the pirate asked, slightly amused.
	"I have my ways.  Now who are you?"
	"Aren't we a feisty one," The pirate laughed and smiled.  "OK I'll play 
your game.  I'll tell you who I am, if you tell me who you are and where you got 
that ship."
	"Deal.  You go first."
	"My name is Nagi.  Ever since that fool Ryoko got stuck in that cave, I've 
taken her place.  Now who are you?"
	"My name is Tenchi Hakubi Masaki."  Hakubi left out the Jurai part 
purposely.
	"And what about your ship?"
	"This is Rye-Ohki."  Rye-Ohki hissed after being introduced.  "He was a 
gift from the greatest genius scientist in the universe.  Where did you get your 
ship?"
	"He was given to me be another scientist as well."  Nagi smiled again.  
"And now that you know who I am, I'm going to have to kill you."  She cut 
communications and opened fire.  
	Rye-Ohki's light hawk wings absorbed the fire and he returned it.  Ken-
Ohki shields held on, barely.
	'That ship is too powerful.  We must leave,' Ken-Ohki mewed to Nagi.
	"I don't believe it.  How in the world did he get an '-Ohki' that has 
light hawk wings?"  Nagi held onto the sides of her chair as her ship rocked.
	'It doesn't matter, we must leave.'  Rye-Ohki fired again and this time 
broke through the shields.  The force of his blasts sheared off two downward 
pointing spires.  Ken-Ohki screamed in pain, and Nagi decided it was time to 
leave.
	'Should we go after them?' Rye-Ohki asked as Ken-Ohki flew off in the 
opposite direction of Earth.
	"No, we need to get to Earth.  I have a feeling that someone will be there 
waiting for us," Hakubi replied.  They resumed their course and sped away.
	"Damn you Masaki!  I'll get you for this!" Nagi yelled at the other ship 
as she flew away.

	A few minutes had pasted since they left Nagi, and Rye-Ohki was wondering 
about a few things.  
	'Who do you think made Ken-Ohki?'
	"The only people I know of that knew how to create cabbits are Washu and 
Kagato.  And since Nagi knew where Ryoko was imprisoned, I'm guessing Kagato."
	'Then won't she go tell Kagato about us?' Rye-Ohki's crystals floated up 
and down anxiously.
	"I hope so."
	Rye-Ohki thought about it for a few seconds and soon saw what Hakubi was 
going for.  'If she tells Kagato, then he'll start looking for us with the Soja.  
Then we can get Washu!'
	"That's right.  With all those hints I gave Nagi, he'll definitely be 
curious about us."
	'Great.  Then we don't have to look for him.'  They continued on their way 
without any more distractions.

	"What do you have to say for yourself?"  Kagato and Nagi had met at a 
predetermined rendezvous point not far from where she had fought Hakubi.  And 
Kagato was not pleased when he saw the damage to Ken-Ohki.  "I gave you a ship 
more powerful than the feared Ryo-Ohki and yet you still manage to get it almost 
completely destroyed."
	"I'm sorry, Master."  Nagi kneeled before Kagato and bowed her head.  "We 
ran into another ship that is even more powerful."
	"Explain."
	"It was the same design as the Ryo-Ohki, but has a blue dome instead of 
red.  It also has the ability to create the Juraian light hawk wings."
	"Impressive."  In the back of his mind, Kagato felt that something wasn't 
right.  "And who was the pilot?"
	"A man who calls himself Tenchi Hakubi Masaki."
	"Tenchi Hakubi?  Are you sure?"
	<Now this is interesting.  Named after the master key and my dear 
professor?> Kagato thought to himself.
	"Yes.  Do you know this man?"  
	"It's not important.  Did he make that ship himself?" Kagato asked his 
servant, no longer angry.
	"He said that the greatest scientist in the universe gave it to him."
	"The greatest genius scientist in the universe?"
	"Yes, that was it."
	<Damn that Washu.  How did this happen?>  Kagato dismissed Nagi and 
teleported back to his organ in the Soja.  He played a few notes and decided to 
check on something.  He teleported to the reverse side of his ship and walked up 
to the crystal where is organ should have stood.
	"Still there, Washu?" Kagato asked the little scientist trapped inside.  
He tapped on the crystal and made sure the seal was still secure.  "You seem to 
have an admirer.  Someone has taken your name and your self-proclaimed title.  
And whoever this scientist is deserves it, if he can create a ship like your 
Ryo-Ohki with light hawk wings."  Kagato laughed out loud and teleported back to 
the real side of the Soja.
	"Nagi, we will be heading to Juraian colony 0-315.  Prepare to leave in 
one hour," Kagato ordered through a communicator.
	"Yes, Master," Nagi replied.


	'There's Earth!' Rye-Ohki mewed happily.
	"OK, set us down near the lake, but make it quiet," Hakubi replied.  Rye-
Ohki flew through the atmosphere and hovered gently above the lake.
	'Where'd the house go?'  Where the Masaski residence should have stood was 
nothing but a grassy field.
	"I don't know.  You better transform to a cabbit before someone sees you."  
Hakubi teleported himself outside and Rye-Ohki soon joined him as a cabbit.  
Together, they walked to where the house should have been.
	'Hakubi, come here.  I found something!'  Hakubi ran over to his cabbit 
and saw that he was sitting on top of a door.  He picked up one end and pushed 
the door upright.  When it was completely vertical, it stopped moving, as if it 
was locked into that position.
	"It's the lab door!"  It was a little dirty, but Hakubi could definitely 
tell that it was the closet door that Washu used in their old house.  He opened 
the door and looked through.  He saw the other side of the field.  He closed it 
and tried again, still, no lab.  Frustrated, Hakubi slammed the door shut.  
	"The lab is here.  I know it."  Hakubi pushed against the door trying to 
knock it down, but it wouldn't budge.  "There is definitely something here.  We 
need to find Washu."
	Hakubi walked around the empty field, trying to find any other clues.  
After a few minutes, he gave up.  "Rye-Ohki, let's go up to shrine.  We still 
need to find out what happened to great-grandpa."
	'You go ahead.  I want to look around here some more.'  Rye-Ohki hopped to 
the edge of the lake and looked over its water.
	"Suit yourself."  Hakubi turned and started to walk to the long staircase 
that led to the shrine.
	<Ryo-Ohki, are you still under there?> Rye-Ohki thought to himself as he 
look at the lake.

	A couple thousand steps later, Hakubi made it to the shrine.  It was as he 
always remembered it.  He walked around the grounds and everything was pretty 
much the same.  He was lost in his thoughts and did not hear the man walk up 
behind him.
	"Excuse me, can I help you?"
	Hakubi turned around and saw an old man that bore a striking resemblance 
to his grandfather.  "Ten...Tenchi?" Hakubi stuttered.
	"No, my name is Taro.  Was there someone here you were looking for?" Taro 
asked.
	"Um, yes.  I looking for a priest," it took him a second the remember the 
name, "I think his name was Katsuhito."  Hakubi had always known his great-
grandfather as Yosho, and rarely heard the name Katsuhito.
	"I'm terribly sorry.  He died a long time ago.  I have taken over his 
duties as head priest of this shrine."  Hakubi did not know how to react.  "Are 
you a friend of the family?" Taro asked in a caring voice.
	"In a way, yes.  How did he die?"
	"The police said the it looked like someone tried to rob him near a cave 
nearby and strangled him to death."
	"I see.  Do you know where I can find his son-in-law or grandson?"
	"Again I am sorry.  Ever since he lost his son and wife, and then his 
father-in-law, Noboyuki moved away to Tokyo.  We have never heard from him 
since.  I sorry to have to tell you all this bad news."
	"When did his son die?"  This was not a homecoming Hakubi had expected.
	"When he was very little, before his mother.  They say she died from 
grief."
	<That explains everything.  Grandpa is the problem.  Somehow he died and 
never released Ryoko, and it snowballed into this screwed up universe!>
	"Thank you for your time."  Hakubi walked towards the stairs and started 
down the mountain.  He looked over the valley and saw the dead husk of Funaho 
still sitting in the center of its lake.  He sighed and continued down the steps 
and went to get Rye-Ohki.  He walked up to shore of the lake and saw him 
standing on the water, over the center of the lake.
	"Rye-Ohki, what are you doing?" Hakubi called out.
	'She's here!  I know it!' Rye-Ohki thought back excitedly.
	"Who's here?"  Hakubi flew to the center of the lake and looked down.  He 
could barely make out a few sharp objects deep in the mud.
	'Ryo-Ohki is still at the bottom the lake!'  Rye-Ohki hopped up and down 
in excitement, still not breaking the surface of the water.
	"If Ryo-Ohki is still here, then Ryoko is most likely still here."  Hakubi 
reached down and picked up the cabbit.  "Come on, we got something to do."

	'Stay here and tell me if anyone is coming.' Hakubi ordered.  
	'Got it.'  Rye-Ohki jumped up to a nearby tree and found a good perch to 
sit on.  It was now well into the night, and it was time for Hakubi to put his 
plan into action.  He walked up the mouth of the cave and examined the ancient 
gate.
	<The lock is still intact.  Doesn't look like there has been any damage 
done to the rocks or the gate itself,> Hakubi thought to himself.  Unlike his 
grandfather before him, a locked gate did nothing to keep him out.  He simply 
phased through the gate and walked deeper into the cave.  He came to a small 
room and against the wall sat a small replica of the shrine.  The doors were 
open, and a wooden object could be seen inside.
	<The Tenchi-ken!  It's still here!>  Hakubi reached into the little house 
and gave the sword hilt a strong tug.  It freely came out, along with the rest 
of a sword.  Hakubi pulled off the scabbard and examined the rusty blade.  
	<What's this?>  Hakubi shrugged his shoulders and ignited the Tenchi-ken.  
The blue blade flared to life, disintegrating the false, steel one.  Hakubi 
looked around and saw a conveniently placed rock near the center of the room.  
We walked up to it and cleanly split it in half.  <Still works.>  Ever since his 
grandfather had his first child, the whole family had a little training in using 
the master key.  He examined the sword more closely and noticed that there were 
three small red gems placed in the pommel.  <These must be Grandma's gems.>  
Suddenly the room started to shake and the wall behind Hakubi started to move.  
Dead vines fell of the stone wall as it split open.  Hakubi smiled and looked 
through the new door.  He saw a long, steep tunnel going down and a light at the 
end.  <I'm coming Grandma.>  Hakubi jumped through the door and floated down the 
tunnel.
	Hakubi had never seen where his grandmother had been imprisoned, and was 
impressed at the sight before him.  He was in a large domed room that had a 
little pool of water in a depression in the center.  A light glowed from the 
center, filling the room with an eerie atmosphere.  Hakubi walked to the edge of 
the pool, and something stirred.  In the center a skeleton figure stood up.
	"Ryoko?" Hakubi asked, not quite sure that this mummy was his grandma.  
The figure didn't answer and looked at him with glowing yellow eyes.  Balls of 
light filled the room and started to circle the figure.  The room got brighter 
and the skeleton started to fill out.  Soon Hakubi could tell it was a woman, 
and turned away when he noticed that she was naked.  "Ryoko, is that you?"
	This time he was answered with a moan.  Hakubi turned back around and saw 
his grandmother.  Ryoko had fully been restored, and fully clothed.  She reached 
up to her face and tore off the mask that she had been wearing.  She slowly 
looked down at the Tenchi-ken that Hakubi was holding and whispered, "Yosho!"
	"Ryoko, are your all right?" Hakubi asked, still not quite sure what to 
do.  Ryoko answered by forming a large ball of energy.  "Ryoko?"  The ball 
became larger, and larger.  Hakubi backed away, to the bottom the tunnel.  
"Ryoko, what are you doing?"  Before he could react, the ball exploded.  The 
blast was so powerful that he was pushed all the way up the tunnel and into the 
outer room
	"Wow!" was all Hakubi could say before Ryoko attacked again.  Hakubi 
teleported away just before the orange energy sword would have cut him in half.  
Ryoko fought like a wild animal.  Swinging at anything in her way, shooting 
everywhere.  It took a lot of effort for Hakubi to stay one step ahead of her.
	"Ryoko, stop this!  I'm not you enemy," Hakubi yelled out, dodging another 
energy blast.
	"All heirs of Yosho are my enemies!" Ryoko yelled back.  She created 
another, larger energy ball and threw it Hakubi.  This one he could not dodge 
and was again blown out of the room.  He flew through the iron gate with a crash 
and landed in the dirt outside.
	'Hakubi!'  Rye-Ohki jumped out the tree and did a summersault in the air, 
transforming to his humanoid form in the process.  The instant he touched the 
ground, Ryoko had teleported outside and attacked again.
	"Out of the way!" Ryoko yelled and tried to kick Rye-Ohki aside.  Rye-Ohki 
jumped out of the way of her foot with a meow of surprise.
	"Rye-Ohki, stay back," Hakubi coughed, and spit out a mouthful of dirt.
	"Yosho will pay for what he did.  And since he is not here, I'm going to 
start with you!"  She flew towards him, ready to slice him in two.  Hakubi 
teleported away again, and Ryoko's sword dug deeply in to the ground.  He 
materialized a few feet away and again, tried to reason with his grandmother.
	"What about Tenchi?"  This caught Ryoko by surprise and she stopped.
	"What about him?"  She still had her sword in her hand and twitched 
angrily.
	"Are you going to kill him too?  He is Yosho's grandson."
	"You lie!"  Ryoko charged, and again, Hakubi teleported away.
	"Think about it.  He is named after this, you know."  Hakubi held out the 
Tenchi-ken for Ryoko to see.  He dropped it to the ground and put his foot over 
it.  "Now I'm unarmed.  I just wanted to talk."  
	Ryoko thought about it for a few seconds and extinguished her sword.  
"Make it fast," she muttered, still a little angry.
	"I need you tell me everything you know about Tenchi."
	"Why should I do that?"
	"Because something has happened to him, and I need to know what.  At least 
you still remember him."
	"Why should I care if something happened to him?"  Ryoko had calmed down a 
little and was standing on the ground instead of floating like before.
	"Because I know he is important to you, and he is important to me too."  
Hakubi hoped that he was saying the right things.  He had no idea how this Ryoko 
would react.
	"Humph, what do you know?" Ryoko retorted.
	"Look, all I want to know is when was the last time you saw him."  Hakubi 
was starting to loose his cool, he could only stand so much when someone had 
been trying to kill him.
	"Fine, whatever.  The last time I saw him was when a long time ago.  He 
would sit in front of my cave with his mother and play.  One day they left and 
never returned."  
	"And he was still a baby?  You never saw him when he was older?"  Hakubi 
asked hopefully.  
	"That little bit of information was a freebie.  Anything else will cost 
you."
	"Always thinking about yourself aren't you.  Well fine, have it your way."  
Hakubi angrily picked up the Tenchi-ken and closed his eyes.  The three gems 
glowed for a second and disappeared.  They reappeared on Ryoko.  Ryoko felt a 
surge of power and smiled.
	"Silly boy, that was a stupid thing to do.  And it will be your last!"  
Ryoko charged again.  Fed up with the whole situation, Hakubi did not bother to 
get out of the way.  When she was about to cut his head off, he teleported 
behind her and pinned her arms back.  At the speed of thought, he teleported 
them both above the lake.
	"I've had enough of this.  You need to cool down."  Hakubi spun his 
grandmother around and threw her into the lake.  Ryoko screamed in rage and 
burst out of the water.  She shot straight up, ready to punish her foe.  But 
Hakubi was no longer there.  Ryoko quickly looked around and saw him standing 
near the edge of the lake, looking at the field.  His back was turned towards 
her and she silently flew at him.  Hakubi did not turn around as Ryoko gave a 
war cry and struck.  Her sword connected with Hakubi's force field.  She pressed 
harder and her energy sword bent under the pressure, but did not penetrate the 
shield.
	Hakubi sighed, still not turning around.  "I released you because Tenchi 
didn't, and I felt sorry for you.  Yet you still try to attack me.  I tried to 
reason with you, but I can see that it was pointless.  Why don't you just take 
Ryo-Ohki and leave?  You have all your gems.  Go raise hell for all I care.  I 
can take care of Kagato myself, and fix this screwed up universe.  Then 
everything will be back to normal and we could all laugh at this like it was a 
bad joke."  With that, Hakubi teleported away, leaving Ryoko speechless.  
	Out of the woods, Rye-Ohki appeared from under a bush in his cabbit form.  
He arrived just in time to see Hakubi teleport away and he meowed in despair.  
He hopped up to Ryoko and looked at her.
	"What do you want?" Ryoko asked, looking at the little creature at her 
feet.  Rye-Ohki turned his head and looked to where Hakubi had teleported, into 
the forest.  He looked back at Ryoko and then back to the forest.  He gave Ryoko 
a final, exasperated sigh and hopped off, back to the forest.  "Little pest," 
Ryoko mumbled to herself.
	Rye-Ohki found Hakubi sitting on a fallen tree, with his head in his 
hands.
	'Are you OK, Hakubi?' Rye-Ohki carefully asked and hopped in front of his 
friend.
	"What was I thinking?  This has to be the dumbest things I've ever done!" 
Hakubi answered.
	'Come on, don't be so hard on yourself.  I remember you doing plenty of 
stupider things.'  Rye-Ohki smiled, hoping that his joke would cheer him up.  
Hakubi gave him a dirty look and Rye-Ohki tried again.  'You would be grumpy too 
if you were forced to sleep for almost 800 years!'
	"That may be.  But she's just plain mean.  I don't see how Grandpa ever 
tamed her."  
Rye-Ohki jumped onto Hakubi's knee.  'But she never had a chance to meet Grandpa 
remember?  You can't blame her; she doesn't know how to react.  She's been under 
Kagato's control her whole life.'
	"You're right, Rye-Ohki.  That Kagato's a bastard isn't he?"  Hakubi 
petted his cabbit and thought about his next move.
	"That's an understatement," Ryoko spoke up from behind them.
	"What do you want now, my wallet?" Hakubi replied, not bothering to get 
up.
	"You never told me who you are."  Ryoko floated in front of Hakubi and sat 
down on a tree stump.
	"What do you care?"  Hakubi didn't even want to look at her.
	Rye-Ohki gave him a little slap and yelled, 'She is trying to be nice, you 
idiot!'
	"I'm sorry, I've had a bad day.  My name is Hakubi Masaki."  Hakubi stood 
up and bowed respectfully.
	"I see," was all Ryoko said.
	"Why did you come and find me?  I thought you would be glad to be free and 
leave."
	"Did you mean what you said?"
	"About what?"
	"About feeling sorry for me because Tenchi didn't release me sooner."  
Ryoko bit her lower lip, not really wanting to know.
	"Yes, of course.  Grand, er, Tenchi was supposed to release you a long 
time ago.  But something happened to him and it never happened."
	"How do you know that?"
	Hakubi sat back down and tried to explain what he thought had happened.  
"Two years ago, a very powerful creature named Kain, went back in time and 
killed my family.  To protect me from the changes in history that would occur, I 
wore a special armor that shielded me from any time and space changes."  Hakubi 
paused, to see if Ryoko understood what he had said so far.  She nodded and he 
continued.  "This armor kept me firmly rooted in my time-line.  I went back and 
stopped Kain from killing my family and everything was back to normal.  But 
something has happened recently that changed time again.  Because I still wear 
this armor, I still remember what was supposed to happen.  So far, we have 
traced the distortion back to earth and to Tenchi.  That is why I wanted to know 
what you remembered about him."
	"OK."  Ryoko still did not understand completely what was going on, but it 
was a start.  "What does this have to do with Kagato?"
	"Nothing really.  He's just holding someone that I need in order to clean 
this mess up."
	"I see."  Ryoko nibbled her lip and finally asked the question that she 
really wanted.  "Are you related to Tenchi at all?"
	Hakubi smiled.  "Yes I am.  He's my grandfather."
	"And what's happened to me in your world?  Not like I really care or 
anything," she added quickly.
	Hakubi knew what she was thinking about.  "Tenchi released you and fell in 
love with you, and later married you."  
	<No need to tell her about Ayeka,> Hakubi thought to himself.
	Ryoko beamed with joy.  "So he did see me and he did remember about me!  
Oh, how I so wanted to be release just so I could play with him!"  Hakubi 
blushed at Ryoko's reaction.  "And that means," Ryoko paused, "that I'm your 
grandmother!"  Ryoko acted as if she hadn't tried to kill him just a few minutes 
ago.  "What side am I?" Ryoko asked excitedly.
	"My father is your son."  Ryoko was as giddy as a little girl.
	"And who'd he marry?  A great pirate like his mother?"
	"Um, the Princess of Jurai," Hakubi told her quietly.
	"What?  My son married that stuck-up bitch Ayeka?"  Ryoko was giddy no 
longer.
	"No, no.  My mother is Sasami, the other princess."
	"How the hell did that happen?"  
	"Let me start at the beginning."  Hakubi started as far back as he knew.  
He told her a very brief version about how Tenchi released her and how Ayeka and 
Sasami came to live with them.  He even told her about Washu, Kiyone and 
Mihoshi.  Ryoko snorted at the thought of having a mother, but listened 
nonetheless.

	"That life sounds so much better than what I have right now," Ryoko 
commented after Hakubi had finished.
	"That's why I need to find Miss Washu and figure out a way to fix this 
world."  
"I'll help.  I have to get my revenge on Kagato anyways."  Ryoko clenched her 
fist and cracked her knuckles.  During their long conversation, Rye-Ohki had 
slipped away unnoticed.  "Hey, where's your pet?" Ryoko suddenly asked.
	Hakubi made a quick mental check and found Rye-Ohki.  "He's at the lake 
again."
	"Why's that?  I thought cats didn't like water?"  Ryoko stood up and 
stretched her stiff muscles.
	"He's in love with Ryo-Ohki.  He won't admit it to himself, but I know 
it."  Hakubi smiled at the thought of the two cabbits going out on a date.
	"That's weird.  A cat thingy that's in love with a ship."  Ryoko started 
to walk back to the lake and Hakubi got up as well and followed her.
	"Oh yeah, I guess I forgot to tell you.  Rye-Ohki is also a ship like Ryo-
Ohki.  Ryo-Ohki was damaged beyond repair during the fight with Ayeka's Ryo-Oh 
and when she regenerated, you choose to have her take the form of a cabbit. 
(According to the Tenchi Encyclopedia released by Pioneer with the OAV DVD 
Ultimate Edition, Ryoko chose to model her new Ryo-Ohki after the little cat 
that Tenchi had saved just before the OAV's started. It was this cat that was 
lying on the porch, in front of the shrine office, in the very beginning of OAV 
1.)  A half cat, half rabbit that can transform into a ship.  Later on, she 
gained the ability to transform into a humanoid, and Rye-Ohki was modeled after 
her, so he can do the same."
	"So they where more or less, made for each other?" Ryoko joked.
	"Well, he's the only guy cabbit she knows, and she's the only girl cabbit 
he knows."  Hakubi shrugged his shoulders and made a mental note to talk to 
Washu about this situation later.
	They got back to the lake, and Rye-Ohki was sitting at the edge, staring 
at the center.  He heard them coming and meowed.
	'Why does Ryoko keep Ryo-Ohki in the lake?  Why won't she let her come out 
and play?'
	'Because this Ryo-Ohki can't transform into a cabbit yet.  She's only a 
ship that meows,' Hakubi answered and picked up his cabbit.  Rye-Ohki took 
another look at the lake and climbed up to Hakubi's shoulder.
	'That stinks.'
	'Once we find Miss Washu, we can set everything back to the way it was, 
and you can see Ryo-Ohki again.'  Ryo-Ohki meowed in agreement and yawned.
	"It's late.  We should find some shelter and get some sleep," Hakubi told 
Ryoko after he yawned as well.
	"I've been asleep for hundreds of years.  I'm not going to bed anytime 
soon."  Ryoko hovered a foot off the ground and took a deep breath of fresh air.
	"Fine.  I'll be in the forest."  Hakubi flew off to the treetops, in 
search of a good-sized branch that he could sleep on.  When he found what he was 
looking for, he landed and settled down for another uncomfortable night in the 
forest.  Rye-Ohki didn't mind, and was soon fast asleep.


	Hakubi and Rye-Ohki woke up with a start.  Ryoko was hovering just a few 
inches in front of them.  Hakubi was about to say something, but Ryoko quickly 
put her hand over his mouth.
	"Someone's here," she whispered.  Hakubi nodded and Ryoko let go of his 
mouth.  He peeked over the edge of the branch and looked around the forest 
floor.  He soon found their visitor.
	"Masaki!  I know you're here.  Why don't you come out and play?" Nagi 
yelled up to the treetops.  
