Disclaimer: Tench Muyo is the property of Pioner Inc. and it 
associates. I do not claim posesion of the series or the creation of 
any of the charaters. 


Authors note: This fic is centered around Ayeka but is really about 
Ryoko and Ayeka. Now, I am sick and tired of writers that think that 
Ryoko is the one for Tenchi. In my opinion these writers are young 
(maybe) and shallow (definetly) to discard Ayeka's character and 
feelings so easily.  I have always thought that Ryoko and Ayeka where 
two sides of the same coin instead of the difference between night and 
day like so many others.  So this fic I wrote was intended to even the 
playing field so to speak.



                                    Who Am I                 


Princess Ayeka woke up feeling odd this morning. She woke up earlier 
than usual. 
Both Princesses Ayeka and Sasami woke early. Sasami out of necessity 
and Ayeka out of Jurian spiritual philosophy. But mostly out of habit.
But today it was very early. Even before the sun came up.
  She had not been sleeping very well of late. So she stayed up late 
the night before.
But instead of the usual good sleep she was expecting she had only fits 
of sleep, separated by bouts of restless turnings upon her mattress. 
She threw off her blankets and got dressed. ( I'll get no more sleep 
tonight) she thought to herself.
She went down to the kitchen to make a cup of tea.
 Princess Ayeka was sitting at the kitchen island counter with her cup 
of hot steaming tea when Sasami came in. "
Good morning sis, your up awfully early."
   "I could not sleep. I gave up and came down here."
Sasami got right to her work of preparing breakfast. It was Sunday and 
she always made a big breakfast on Sunday. She said it was to make up 
for the rest of the week.
During the rest of the week Nobleyuki and Tenchi ate lite before 
running off respectfully to work and school. Katsueto rarely came down 
from the shrine for breakfast. Unless Sasami was making muffins, 
coffeecake or some such other lures. And only if the wind was blowing 
the right direction.
Princess Ayeka often mused over Sasamis enjoyment for housework. She 
was only half grown and she worked harder than anybody. Except maybe 
Tenchi.
Princess Ayeka mused over the unfairness of it all. Here she is the 
most powerful person in the galaxy next to her father of course. She 
had training in the Jurian powers. Training in edict, diplomacy, and a 
hundred other things that a princess needed to know. But she could not 
make a simple hard-boiled egg without help. It was a point of 
continuous frustration for her. She did not hold it against her little 
sister it was just a fact of life for her. She had to get use to the 
idea that there are some things she could not do.
  Speaking over her shoulder Sasami asked "Are you feeling ok Ayeka?"
Shaking herself out of her train of thought she said "Yes I'm alright. 
Why do ask?"
  "Well.The only time that you have trouble sleeping is when something 
is bothering you. Is their something bothering you? Do you want to talk 
about it?
Princess Ayeka blinked at Sasami who had turned to face her. She felt 
uncomfortable under her sisters' gaze for she really did not know the 
answer.
Princess Ayeka got a though of saying( Yes there is something bothering 
me, It named Ryoko).She discarded the though immediately for it would 
not do for a princess to talk like that no matter how true.
   "It's not about that argument that Ryoko won a few days ago is it?" 
inquired Sasami.
   "What?" Princess Ayeka said thinking back. "Oh no, its not that." 
she said waving it away with a hand. "I actually forgot about that."  
   That was not the case usually. The rivalry between the two women 
sometimes got so juvenile and petty it was a wonder that the others in 
the house did not laugh at them. 
On the other hand nobody else in the Misaki household could make energy 
balls and cause such destruction as either of the two rivals.
   "Really Sasami do you think that I would let such a trivial thing 
get under my skin?" Princess Ayeka asked taking a sip of tea.
  Sasami gave her sister a look of <you really think that I'm gonna buy 
that?>, as she turned back to making breakfast. 
Princess Ayeka set down her cup. She mentally chastened herself for 
trying to hide within it.
Thankfully Sasami turned away from her. "Oh ok! Yes she does. Ryoko 
does get under my skin. What gets me is that despite all my training 
and who I am she comes in and without even trying she slips right in 
and Aahhgg," she finished with an emphasis.
 Giggling over some memories of Ryoko getting under her sisters skin 
she turned back to her sister. "She does have that effect on you."
   "Actually, I think its good for you."
 Seeing her sisters questioning gaze she went on. "You are always so 
proper and formal sis. Your just like father is. I think it is good for 
you the blow off some steam now and then."  "However, I do not think 
that you can lay your sleeping problem at Ryokos feet. She only gets to 
you when she is trying to tees you. Or when Tenchi is around."
   "Yes, I know. I do not know what it is. Maybe I'm just going through 
a phase."
   "Maybe you could think about it. You remember master Armwar  Don't 
you?"
Princess Ayeka thought for a moment and replied "Why yes I do remember 
him. He was my mentor in Jurian philosophy. But you where so young at 
the time I'm surprised that you remembered him."
Sasami smiled over her shoulder at her and said "I liked him. He always 
had sweets in his pocket."
   "I remember one time I was with you while you where talking to him. 
He was saying something about coming to a solution to a problem by 
thinking about it without thinking about it."
   "I vaguely remember the lecture." Princess Ayeka replied. She looked 
at her sister with a suspicious look. "Am I speaking to Sasami or 
Tsunami now?"
   "Ayyeekaaa." Sasami exasperated at her sister.
   "Ok, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to offend. I know you don't like to 
talk about it." When Sasami gave her a small smile and turned back to 
breakfast Princess Ayeka relaxed again.
   "Maybe you could talk to Katsueto about it."Sasami suggested.
   "Hmmm.Maybe." Said Princess Ayeka before finishing the last of her 
tea.
"I'll set the table" Princess Ayeka said and moved to the cupboard for 
the plates.

Closing the door behind her Princess Ayeka joined her half brother who 
insisted on being called Katsueto and Tenchi. They all started toward 
the shrine. Tenchi and his grandfather where going to do their sword 
practice again this morning. Tenchi had a bad day yesterday. He still 
bore a bruise on his forehead from yesterdays training.
    "Tenchi, run alone and get things set up. And do your warm-up 
routines."
    "Ok grandpa, see you later Ayeka." And like his grandfather said, 
Tenchi ran.
   "Bye Tenchi." Princess Ayeka said with a smile as he left. She 
watched him go. With a smile she leaned over to her brother and said, 
"He sure is quick on his feet."
   "Hmmm.Yes he is. I think that he has gotten faster ever since you 
girls showed up." Katsueto remarked with a chuckle and a side glance at 
Ayeka.
   "So, what can I help you with Ayeka?"
   "I'm not sure brother. I'm having trouble sleeping. Sasami thinks 
that I might be having a problem but I have no Idea of what it could 
be."
   "Hmmm.A perplexing situation." Katsueto thought for a few moments 
and mused,    "So you think that your Ki is unbalanced."
   "My Ki?"
   "It is part of the Touist philosophy. Your Ki is a representation of 
your over all well-being. Your mind, heart and spirit. When aligned 
your Ki is doing well. Just like saying
that you are feeling well. "
   "Do you think that a part of you is out of balance?"
   "I do not know brother. I feel fine. I'm just been having problems 
sleeping."
   "I have seen you working very hard over the past week. You also have 
been taking extra long walks too. I do not think that the problem is 
with the heart. It has to be with the mind or the spirit."
   "Is there something that has happened to upset you lately?" Katsueto 
inquired.
Princess Ayeka thought about this as the two walked alone. "No nothing 
out of the ordinary."
   "It has been quiet over the last few months. Other than fights with 
Ryoko or dealing with some explosion or other from Washu or some mishap 
with Mihoshi."
   "Last big thing to happen was the Yakage incident."
"I'll admit it has been kind of fun turning the tables on Ryoko from 
time to time. It almost seems like she is a different person now."
   "Oh ? How so?"
   "Its hard to explain but its almost as if she where more alive now. 
I can see the emotions run across her face now and I could not see them 
before."
   "Hmmm.How does that make you feel?"
   "Ahumm..I'm not sure what you mean."
   "What emotion do you feel when you see this."
   "I do not see the point. What difference does it make what I feel 
when I see Ryoko acting silly."
Blowing out his mustache Katsueto tried to explain." There are several 
ways to go about finding a problem within yourself. But only you can 
ultimately find it Ayeka."
   "Look at your world from a different view. Think about how stimulus 
affects you and how it makes you feel. Or you could even talk to 
yourself."
   "Talk to myself?" Princess Ayeka asked incredulously. 
   "Its called speaking to your inner self. You do remember the 
philosophy of duality don't you?"
   "Umm yes I do remember now." Princess Ayeka said remembering another 
one of master Armwars lectures. 
They had stopped their climb up the long stone steps at the point where 
the training field was. Katsueto turned to Ayeka and said "Maybe you 
should try that. You just might find something out about your self." 
   "I must meet Tenchi now but if you like you can come by the shrine 
later and we will talk more in depth about it."
   "Till later then brother." Princess Ayeka watched him go off the 
stone steps and into a side trail to the training field. She wanted to 
follow and watch Tenchi but the rain over the past few nights made the 
area damp. Besides  Yosho seemed to not want her to follow either.
(It is just as well. Tenchi did not need the distraction.) She mused to 
herself.
Moving up the steps she spoke in a whisper. "Ok, talk to myself. Think 
about how I feel."
   "Well lets start with that name. Katsueto. It was not his true name. 
Yosho, or better yet lord Yosho is what he should call himself. Even 
with his true self revealed why did he insist on keeping that name?"
 Princess Ayeka felt betrayed still over the matter. It did not hurt as 
much as she imagined it would be. Mostly because of Tenchi she thought. 
She had run from everything she new and loved to follow her beloved 
half brother and fianc‚. 
For 700 years she searched. Mostly she was in stasis sleep for the 
trip. So it was like the wounds where still fresh to her mind when she 
met Tenchi. 
 Then everything started to change when she started to live with the 
Masakis.
She had learned that Tenchi was distantly related to her and therefore 
family.
At the time she had no idea of how distant 700 years on earth could 
make, but it did not mater either. Later they all discovered that 
grandfather Katsueto was actually Yosho.
But by then Princess Ayeka had fallen for Tenchi.
 And Yosho had given his blessing for the two of them.  
Princess Ayeka had begun to feel at ease in the Masaki home and fell 
into the routine of life there.
Still, even if she had forgiven Yosho for keeping his secret for so 
long she still could not bring herself to call him Katsueto. 
Yosho had changed over 700 years. He seemed more serene and even more 
mysterious.
Ayeka had always loved Yosho and most of all felt comfortable with him. 
Even for the facts that she trusts him completely and always has such 
faith in him. Still, he did not give her heart a thrill with a simple 
smile like Tenchi did.
 So no, Yosho did not bother Princess Ayeka. 
  "Could it be Tenchi?"
Tenchi was a source of frustration for her. All the little things that 
she tried to do to get him to notice her and he rarely did.  
On the outside Tenchi does not seem like anything special. Ok, he is 
really cute. And he has been getting more muscle toned over the past 
several months. The boy filling out into the guise of a man.
It was his gentle nature that attracted Princess Ayeka to Tenchi. There 
was something about him definitely. Just being in his presents was 
comforting.
   "Ok, so he is hansom and kind, gentile, brave, courageous. 
Frustrating and indecisive."
   "No, I've hashed over this problem enough over the past year. I 
don't think Tenchi is a cause of my sleeping problem."
    "Ryoko, now there's a case for sleeplessness. She gives me fits 
just thinking about her."
   "That vile evil demon hussy."
   "Stop it Ayeka. There is no sense getting yourself worked up over 
nothing."
   "The thing that gets me is that she is always throwing herself on 
him. And he does nothing. As if he likes it.
   "I can't stand the thought that he likes her more than me."
   "Its not like she has anything going for her, except her looks. She 
has no refinements at all. No redeeming qualities."
Princess Ayeka sighed again chastising herself. "Ayeka stop it. You are 
trying to convince yourself of things that you know are not true."
Princess Ayeka sighed and said "Oh, Ryoko. Fierce and free spirited 
Ryoko." Princess Ayeka let her thoughts wash over her. She tried to 
organize and identify them but it was all a jumble and too fast.
It was Ryoko that she secretly blamed for all that has happened to her. 
It was Ryoko, the demon space pirate who attacked the Jurian palace. 
Who caused Prince Yosho to leave to follow her to earth.
It was Ryoko who changed her entire world. Because of Ryoko her world 
had become more isolated and lonely. And who caused her to forsake her 
fathers' wishes and left to follow after her beloved Yosho. The only 
redeeming thing was that it was Ryoko who had caused her to meet 
Tenchi. And now she was trying to rival her true love from her. Again!!
   "I have watched you over the time we have lived together. You have 
changed from the monster woman I had first though of you as. You no 
longer push peoples buttons just to stir things up like you used to. 
Just to see the reactions of people; as if experimenting with them."
   "Especially since you joined with zero. Know I can see the hurt I 
give you with a good insult. And I have noticed the subtle changes too. 
You are like a new babe testing out the sensations of life for the 
first time."
   "Hmmm?" Princess Ayeka spoke questionably. Yosho had said to think 
about how she feels and what she felt. At that moment she felt a 
sensation that was a painful stab that could only be jealousy.
   "What? No, that can't be. I must be mistaken. What do I have to be 
jealous of Ryoko for?" 
   "Well ok, maybe its that she is so loose moraled to the point of 
flaunting exhibitionism that she gets Tenchis attention."
   "NO,no,no. Any man would give her that kind of attention for her 
exhibitionism."
   "It's the flirting. How she cane make his face go red or make him 
stammer."
   "I want to be able to do that to him. As much as I want the returned 
affection. But I can't do it, no matter how hard I try. I can't bring 
myself to say those things. It's not proper for a princess to do. Dam 
my training."
   "No, I don't mean that. I owe everything to my training. My learning 
of discipline. My upbringing and my heritage. It has made me who and 
what I am.
   <Is it really?>
   "Huh?" "Now why would my inner voice say that?"

   "Hello Princess." Said Ryoko in her usual condescending tone, 
shaking Ayeka out of her train of thought. "What are you doing?"
Princess Ayeka realized that she was now at the top of the stairs and 
in front of the Misaki shrine. She was startled out of her train of 
though by Ryokos appearance.
 "Oh, Miss Ryoko. Ahh.. Nothing. I was just lost in thought."
   "Oh you where lost alright.  I heard you talking to yourself. Tell 
me, are you having a pleasant conversation with you little voices?" 
Asked Ryoko with that condescending voice and a teasing smirk on her 
face.
   "What are you implying?" Demanded Princess Ayeka.
   "I always thought that all those thousands of years of inbreeding 
would cause a weakening of the mental faculties within the Royal 
family. And now I know I was right."
   "I'll have you know that I was using a bit of Jurian philosophy to 
work out a problem. As if it was any of your concern." Replied Princess 
Ayeka with a down turned brow.
   "Huh," she huffed out. "Philosophy; a bunch of mental mumbo jumbo if 
you ask me."
"Don't worry too much Princess. I heard that too much worry could cause 
premature wrinkles. Like me, I have no worries. I am who I am and I 
make no apologies."
  "Of that, I'm sure of Ryoko." 
"I have got better things to do than to bandy words with you Miss 
Ryoko. Good day to you." And Princess Ayeka turned to leave the 
presents of Ryoko. She moved across the compound of the shrine to the 
beaten down trail that went up to the top of the hills
where the fields where while Ryoko watched her go with that annoying 
smirk on her face.
"Prissy little princess. Ha, she will never change." Ryoko thought to 
her self.

"Lets see, where was I. Oh yes, I contradicted myself. But why?" "I am 
Princess Ayeka. Why should I contradict that?" 
<Princess Ayeka> The inner voice said. But the sound of it was hollow.
   "Yes, Princess Ayeka. First crown princess of the royal family of 
Juri. I have been schooled and trained to become empress of the most 
powerful empire in the galaxy some day."
<The Princess. A Princess; PRINCESS> 
What in the world thought Princess Ayeka. Why is my inner thoughts 
acting so strange and contradictory?
At that point her walk had taken her to the intersection of where 
Ryokos cave was and the trail to the fields.
She opted to take the cave trail. She had only been their alone only 
once before. This time she was feeling the need for a lonely place. 
She walked up to the cave and over to its side where she could walk up 
the slop to get to the top of the cave proper. All the while musing 
over her inner thoughts and feelings.
  She though about Ryoko in the cave. At one time she had believed that 
it was a good and proper place for a demon like her. Shut away beneath 
tons of rock. Mummified, alone and forgotten.
That was before she had meet Kagato. A truly evil man who manipulated 
and literally controlled Ryoko like a puppet. He treated her worse than 
Princess Ayeka or Yosho ever had. He had even referred to her as waste 
product.
Later she had discovered that Ryoko being a genetically engineered 
automaton had every gift and blessing that humanity could offer. And 
all the evil she had done was controlled by the puppeteer Kagato. Yosho 
had no choice but to cut the strings. 
And while she lay mummified in a cave for 700 years she was actually 
not dead. She was undead. Unable to move or walk. Only able to move her 
astral spirit far enough to see the outside world and not to share in 
it. Not even to get the sweet taste of air in her lungs.
 Goosebumps ran up Princess Ayekas arms. The thought of Ryokos living 
death always did that to her every time she though about it. Now a days 
she believed that not even Ryoko deserved that fate.
   "Well I can go no farther. I am at the top. Just like my training. I 
had done far better than many ever thought I would do."
<Yes, you are a princess. You where trained to be a princess. You where 
BORN to be a princess. You where DESTIN to be a princess>
   "Yes,yes,yes. And I am proud to be that princess. I am proud to be 
Princess Ayeka."
"Inner voice, what is your point?" But only an empty silence came from 
the depths of her inner self.
"Oh forget it all. I'm just being silly. I'm going around and around 
inside my head and for nothing."
Princess Ayeka sat down against a tree. From her position she could see 
out to some of the fields and down into the valley farther on. It was a 
pleasing view. 
As she sat their trying not to think of anything she felt her eyes 
getting heavy.
She though a little nap would do her good. It was past mid morning and 
still a while before lunch. She thought she would try to node off for a 
little while.
As she drifted off a last piece of her inner voice bubbled up from her 
depths. < What is a princess?>

{Dreamscape}
She was standing in front of a mirror. She saw herself in her first 
official princess dress. She was a little girl just out of toddler 
years and it was her acknowledging day.
She turned around to see her mother and aunt Funaho.
  "You look lovely dear." Said second queen Misaki.
  "You will make a beautiful princess, Ayeka." Said first queen Funaho.
Turning to Funaho Misaki asked "Are all the arrangements made for her 
training tomorrow?"
There was something strange that Ayeka could not point out. Funaho and 
Misaki where talking over her. That in itself was not strange but she 
did not like it. 
She opened her mouth to say "Hay, I don't like being talked over like I 
am not even here."
But she did not say it. Her mouth never moved. She tried again and 
nothing. She tried to scream and move her body away but nothing 
happened. She was like an inner voice in her own head unable to 
manipulate her surroundings.
By now the scene had moved on and Misaki had placed the tira apone her 
head.
Ayeka looked up to both of them and to her it seemed that both where 
sniggering over some private joke. Somehow Ayeka thought that it was at 
her expense. "You are going to be the best little princess their can 
be." Said Misaki.
They all turned to the doorway where Emperor Azusa just entered. He 
walked across the fine leaf green carpet to kneel in front of Ayeka. 
"Are you ready my little princess?"
"Yes father." Ayeka said with a frightened shaky voice. But Azusa 
seemed not to hear it.
Azusa stood again and said "All you have to do is walk to me down the 
isle. Then I place the ceremonial sword on your head to acknowledge 
you, like this.
Azusa held out his hand to the empty air and a sword came out of phase 
space. 
It was not the master key as it should be but a much more gnarled sword 
with a wide blade end. Azusa ignited it and it glowed with a sickly 
green light.
Ayeka recognized it as the sword of Kagoto. She looked at her father 
who now had the past white complexion of Kagoto. Ayeka tried to scream 
as Azusa brought the sword down apone her head.

Ayeka was running through the Royal grounds. Her long adolescent legs 
kept her ahead of her peruse. But no matter where she ran she could not 
find an escape.
 A giant tree copes where there was no way down or off supported the 
great complex of the royal palace.
Every way she turned more and more pursuers joined the chase after her. 
Turning a corner she ran right into a group of them. They grabbed her 
and held onto her wrists.
She was handed off to another who wrapped a cold hand around her wrist 
and started to lead her away. 
"That is enough play for you today. You have a lot of studies to do."
Ayeka looked at him with startlment. It was master Armwar, but he was 
wearing the little dark round spectacles of Kagoto. Plus he spoke in 
the quiet deadly unemotional voice of Kagoto. He recited philosophy as 
they walked into the dark and cold palace. Ayeka tried to break away 
but he would not let go. 
Master Armwar handed her off to another and they started down another 
corridor. No matter what she did, kick, scream, pull, get dragged she 
could not let any of here escorts let go of her wrist.
And as she was escorted around everyone around her was telling her in 
verbal borage, things like, "don't eat with you mouth open." 
"Walk straight and tall."
 "Do not show any emotion on your face."
 "If you show fear the politicians, nobles and journalists will eat you 
alive." 
"You must hold the cup like this. Do not laugh out loud like a braying 
ass."
"You must cover your mouth at least."
" NO,no,no you use the wrong inflection. You must say the greeting like 
this."
   It was a horror to see every teacher she remembered with some aspect 
of  Kagoto.
Her math teacher, Kagoto. Her science teacher, Kagoto. Jurian history, 
galactic history,
Self defence teacher, Jurian powers teacher, politics teacher all 
Kagoto. Even the short friendly women of courtly edict with the 
unsmiling face of Kagoto.
At last a careless hand and she slipped away. She ran from her 
Kagotoien teachers as fast as she could go. Out into the light of day 
she ran. Again with each corner she turned more pursuers joined the 
chase. She spied a ship at the docks and she ran toward it. It was 
 Ryu-Oh, her ship. She turned the last corner for the docks and found a 
group of Kagotoien teachers waiting for her. She watched as her ship 
left the dock and moved away out of her reach. She stopped and gathered 
her strength then unleashed her power. The lil guardians appeared out 
of nowhere surrounding her. She jumped into the air. 
   Though flying was her worst ability she flew straight and strong 
like Ryoko to her ship and then phased into her like Ryoko could. 
Within the ship she saw her beloved tree Ryu-Oh. She moved over to it 
and touched the trunk of it. 
"What is our destination your highness?" said the voice of Kamidaki.
"We are headed for the planet earth." She said placing her check apon 
the tree.
"Earth? Never heard of it." Came the voice of Azaka .
Princess Ayeka turned to her guardians and her voice caught in her 
throat. 
Before her where two Kagotos with the printed emblems of Azaka and 
Kamadoki 
apon them.
"It must be far your highness." said Azaka. "About 700 years. You 
should go into the stasis chamber for the trip. You wont even now your 
sleeping."
"NO", said Princess Ayeka. "You stay away from me." 
"Come now your highness," intoned kamadoki. "Nothing will happen to 
you, you will just lay there. You will not eat nor breathe. It will be 
like death only not quit."
"NO, GET AWAY." Princess Ayeka shouted with her back against Ryu-Oh.
"Just one more step your highness." They both intoned.
Princess Ayeka looked over her shoulder then turn around to see a 
gaping hole within the tree. But where the stasis chamber should be was 
a full-length mirror. She looked into it to see a reflection of herself 
as a little girl with the acknowledgment ritual dress on her.
She felt two hands shove her from behind and she fell into the mirror 
like it was water.
   
The little princess looked at herself in the mirror. Her mother Misaki 
said from behind her "You are going to be a lovely princess." And then 
she cackled like an old hag.
Ayeka turned around and saw that she was not in the royal apartments as 
she expected.
They where in Ryokos cave. Funaho said leeringly "You are going to be 
the best little princess there is." Then she laughed as if it where a 
great joke.
Both Misaki and Funaho have the pasty white complexion of Kagoto along 
with the small round spectacles.
"Come here Ayeka and let me put your tira on". Ayeka obeyed and she 
watched as Misaki placed the tira apon her head. She turned Ayeka 
around to take another look at herself in the mirror. But what looked 
back at her was the facemask of the mummy Ryoko.
She heard herself screaming in her ears as Misaki and Funaho laughed.
"Ayeka" she heard her father call. She looked and he stood in the 
middle of the cave with a hand holding heavy iron shackles that where 
driven into the rocky floor around the mummy Ryokos half water filled 
grave. "Are you ready to don the responsibilities of a princess Ayeka?"
Ayeka stepped backwards into the folds of her mothers dress to hide. It 
folded over her engulfed her and began to smother her in a wave of ice-
cold water. She heaved forward and broke through the surface of the 
water. The facemask on her face was heavy and she could barley keep it 
above water. She thrashed about, but her arms and legs where shackled. 
She was getting weaker. She was drowning. And all the while her 
kagotoien family Azusa, Misaki and Funaho looked down at her and 
smiled.
 In unison they said "That's our perfect princess;" as Ayekas head sank 
back into the watery grave.

   "NO" Princess Ayeka screamed as her eyes shot open. She heaved for 
breath and her heart was thumping wildly in her chest. Her face was 
sprinkled with a cold sweat.
   She rolled herself onto her knees. Her mind was racing and she felt 
the welling of tears in her eyes. "No, it can't be true. It was just a 
silly dream."
 "I'm not a little girl anymore who cries at nightmares." But the tears 
brimmed and stared to fall. Her mind was connecting the pieces and 
comparisons. It was revealing a picture she did not want to see. But it 
was so fast the conclusions came unbidden.
 "No, I'm not like her! I'm not!"
   Ayeka was on her hands and knees. Sobs racked her body. Tears 
dropped to the earth. And with every denial the truths stung a little 
more.
 "Not like her, I'm not like her!"
And at last her mind stopped it's reeling and landed on one of master 
Armwars favorite sayings. "The truth always points to itself."

In some corner of Ayekas mind a crack formed. It widened and branched 
out. And then the wall shattered reveling something hidden and missing 
within herself for a long, long time.
 
Starting with the truth that she could handle she spoke it aloud.
"Ok, yes, I have been lying to myself," she choked out with a sob.
 "I have built a shield wall around me to protect myself from the 
truth. But the truth is that I have only imprisoned myself."
 "I have used the persona of a princess to hide behind as well as a 
shield. It is the one thing that I should not have been doing."
"My whole life has been centered around being a princess. My family, my 
heritage, my teachers have all manipulated me into making me a 
princess. "
"But what is a princess? A princess is a title for one who has land or 
rank. Nothing more.
I have personified myself into a princess to the point where I think of 
myself as Princess Ayeka and not just Ayeka."
   "But take away the princess and what have I got?"
She sat back onto her heals and dried her eyes. She though, but 
everything she could think of about herself. But everything was somehow 
manipulated into the perfecting of being a princess."
"Who am I?" "Who is Ayeka?"
 "I do not know." Two new tears spilled over her face and she wiped 
them away.
"Now, I think that the wall has been broken. I..I."
 "I think that now I am free to find out who I am."
"Just like Ryoko."
"Ryokos life was setup by Kagoto. He forced her to become what she is. 
Through fear and hate and terror, he controlled her."
"I on the other hand was manipulated with a helping hand a velvet touch 
and a loving kiss."
"Two very different ways but in the end they are the same. Controlled."
"I broke that control when I faced my father and chose to stay here."
"Perhaps this is part of the reason that I did it. And not just because 
of  Tenchi."
"I do not know where this will take me but I do know that I will become 
a better person. "As I discover more of who I am."
Ayeka rose to her feet and brushed herself off. Her watch said it was 
almost noon. Lunch will be ready soon. She walked down the path with 
lightness in her step as if a heavy load was lifted off her shoulder.

Sasami was worried about Ayeka. She had always trusted Tsunami when she 
did things to manipulate the people and world around her but this was 
different. This time Sasami new that Tsunami was messing directly with 
her big sister and she did not like it.
She new Tsunami was acting within the area; she could feel it. 
She tried to ignore it but when she gave herself a cut on her finger 
while preparing lunch she could not take it anymore.
She went out of the kitchen and out the side door. Sasami walked across 
the dock and over to the sapling tree of Ryu-Oh and laid her hands on 
it and enchanted.
 "From the wellspring of my true name. Please open the path to our 
ancestor the space tree. Heaven to ocean, ocean to earth, earth back to 
heaven. Show me the path engraved by the light."
In a shower of sparkling light Sasami seemed to fade into the sapling 
tree. 
 
 Mihoshi was asleep on the dock floor with a broom clutched in her 
hand. She was startled out of slumber by the slamming of the side door. 
She groggily sits up supporting herself with one hand and wiping one 
sleepy eye with the other. "Mmmm? What was that?" She blinked and spied 
Sasami just as she disappeared in a shower of sparkles.
"What? I must be dreaming. Sasami?" "Well since I'm dreaming I guess I 
should go back to sleep." Mihoshi laid back down and closed her eyes 
and back asleep in a single moment.

When Sasami opened her eyes she was in another place. It was the Ship 
Tsunami with the atmospheric view of the earth above her. And she 
turned around to the ships captain.
"Tsunami! I want you to stop messing with my sister."
Tsunami gave a smile to Sasami and said "Sasami, this is a surprise.
 You have never spoken up before. You have always trusted me, right? 
Why do you try to interfere now?"
 "This is my sister where talking about. She's my closest family. We 
are as close as two sisters can be and she watches over me and teaches 
me. And."
  "I am well aware of how you feel about her Sasami. But do not fear 
for her."
  "What are you doing to her!?" Sasami asked impatiently.
  "Nothing anymore Sasami. I am finished. 
But you know that your sister Ayeka is not the happiest person. You 
have notest that there is always something hidden away inside her that 
she will not share; that  makes her sad."
 Sasami just looked at the goddess but a slight nod gave confirmation. 
Tsunami continued, "With a few whispers on the wind I have made her 
confront it.
She was not even aware of the problem herself; that's why she could 
never speak of it. Because she did not even know herself."
"Now I think that she will be able to define it and deal with her 
problem and grow beyond its limiting of her development."
   "So you're not going to take her away or use her in some scheme of 
yours?" inquired the little princess with a sniffle. 
   "No Sasami, I just wanted her to have the same chances that others 
do. Like you and Tenchi and Ryoko."
"You better get back, people are getting hungry out their." 
  With a smile and a down turned head she said "I'm sorry that I 
doubted you Tsunami."
"Its quit alright Sasami. Someday I see you being as protective of 
Ayeka and the rest of your family as she is. Now go on." With a gesture 
Sasami was enveloped by a shower of sparkles again and was next to the 
sapling of Ryu-Oh.
Sasami blinked and snuffled again and was back to normal by the time 
she passed the sleeping Mihoshi.
. 
When Ayeka had walked down to the shrine she saw Ryoko there in the 
same place where she saw her last.
  "Hay Princess, It's almost lunch time. You didn't fall asleep up 
there did you?"
Ayeka approached Ryoko saying "Miss Ryoko, I would like to ask a 
fav..."
  "Hay Princess, do you want to go to the onsen after lunch?" Ryoko 
interjected.
  "Nobelyuki bought a load of saki. And I bet that if we could get you 
liquored up you could get a good night sleep."
Drinking saki was about the only thing that Ayeka and Ryoko could do 
together peacefully. And Ayeka was in a much better mood than she was 
this morning. 
   "Hmmm. I'll have to think about it." She said non-commitaly.
   "Tenchi!" Ryoko cried looking down the stone stairway.
Looking down the long stairway Ayeka spied Tenchi and his grandfather 
coming from the practice field onto the stone stairway. Tenchi waved to 
them with a smile. Ayeka waved back but stopped in mid wave for she saw 
Ryoko had teleported right next to Tenchi and smothered him in another 
one of her affectionate embraces.
  "Ryoko stop it." said Tenchi. 
Ryoko had been more reserved since the assimilation with zero but she 
did not let go this time. Instead she stuck out her lower lip in a pout 
and started to do the too familiar figure eight doodle on Tenchis 
chest. "What's the matter Tenchi? Don't you like me anymore?"
She finished with a pair of sad down turned eyes.
Tenchi stammered. "No, no Ryoko that's not it. It's just that I'm tired 
and sweaty an sore."
Just then Ayeka caught up the group. "Miss Ryoko will you stop. Your 
making lord Tenchi uncomfortable."
"Tenchiii," said Ryoko in a seductive voice, "I'm going to the onsen 
after lunch. Do you want to come with me? I could give you a rub down 
for those sore aching muscles."
Ryokos voice and face did not falter but she was getting some color in 
her cheeks.
 Tenchi began to get a big sweat drop on his head as he said, 
"Ahh..well I ahh.do need to wash but."
"Great! It's a date then." Interjected Ryoko, jumping up and away 
before Ayeka could physically try to remove Ryoko from Tenchi.
  "If you think for one moment that you are going to the onsen alone 
with Tenchi your mistaken!" cried Ayeka already fuming.
Ryoko just laughed delightedly and then teleported away.
Ayeka sniffed at the disappeared Ryoko and started down the steps again 
with Tenchi and Katsueto.

Ayeka along side with Tenchi walked toward the house in anticipation of 
the call for lunch. Katsueto walked right behind them far enough to 
give them a little privacy.
 Ayeka spied Ryoko in one of her favorite spots, on top of the roof. 
Ryoko waved with a big smile for Tenchi. 
Tenchi waved back an gave a friendly smile back.
 Ryoko then playfully stuck her tongue out. Ayeka assumed that it was 
aimed particularly at her. 
"Tenchi, brother, you two go on ahead I want to talk to Ryoko before 
lunch."
   "Ahh miss Ayeka. Please try not to fight. Ok?"
   "Do not worry lord Tenchi. I have no intention of letting miss Ryoko 
needle me into a fight." 
"I am in much too good a mood to let her spoil it."  "Oh and one other 
thing. I have an announcement to give to everyone so don't start 
without me."
   "Alright, said Katsueto, don't be too long." He turned to a 
bewildered and worried looking Tenchi and said, "Move along Tenchi, you 
still need to wash before lunch."
 "Ahh. Yeah right grandpa" he responded. Tenchi did note however before 
he went inside was that grandfather had another one of his all knowing 
grins on his face.

  Ayeka walked to the house and stopped before reaching the front door. 
She began to concentrate and the air around her began to stir. Her tira 
began to glow and the air began to blow and wipe her kimono around her 
ankles. Ayekas feet left the ground and she floated up into the air to 
the roof. She flew over and touched down onto the roof. Ayeka sighed 
and breathed deeply as she pulled out a kerchief to wipe her perspiring 
brow. She walked over to Ryoko who watched her.
 "Getting some flying practice in princes? Don't you think that you're 
a bit out of your league trying to compete with me in the flying area?"
"Miss Ryoko, I came her to ask you for a little favor of you."
"A favor of me?" Ryokos eyes narrowed suspiciously. "What's the catch?"
"No catch. It just that. Well Miss Ryoko, if you have any friendship or 
respect for me at all I would ask you to please, do not call me 
princess any more."
"What? That's it?"
"Yes, that is all."
"What's this all about? What are you up too?"
I'll tell you at lunch along with everybody else. But just between you 
and me I have had an epiphany this morning. About myself, and about 
you." 
Ryoko looked at Ayrka with a curious look that said in her expression, 
what are you up to? "You've had a what?"
"I have had a realization that you and I are not so different." 
"That you and I are on the same stretch of road on the road of life; so 
to speak." 
  Ryoko just sat there looking at Ayeka with a suspicious look on her 
face.
  Ayeka tried again, "You and I are learning about life as our own 
person for the first time in our lives. We are free to become whatever 
we want to be. 
In a way you could say that you and I are finally learning to grow up a 
little." 
Ayeka got to her feet and turned away. As she left she said over her 
shoulder,
 "don't be late for lunch."
   Ryoko continued to sit on the roof. She was bewildered by Ayekas 
actions not to mention what she said. Ryoko when over what she said 
looking for some kind of joke or insult like what she normally would 
say. Soon Ryoko concluded that she was serious.
"Who does she think she is. Comparing me to her. We are nothing alike." 
"And I have always been free to do what ever I wanted. Well except for 
when I was with Kagoto." Sigh, "Who am I kidding?"
"But she's a stuck-up prissy princess. She has had her whole life 
handed to her on a silver platter." 
"So why does she stick around here? Their are no adoring peasants or 
noble princess to chase her. Not even my Tenchi looks at her that way. 
Sigh, now I really am kidding myself.
"Why did she defy her father to stay when she could have easily gone 
back with him? 
She has to actually work here. I have even seen her scrub the floor."
Ryoko thought about and came to a conclusion. "She would rather stay 
here on this backwater world as a nobody than return as a princess. And 
I don't believe it is all because of Tenchi.
Just like I would rather stay here than return to the stars. And 
probably a life of piracy.
And no it is not all because of Tenchi.
Dam! This is going to take a lot more thought.  I bet that's why. She 
knows that my thinking about her would upset me. She knows that she can 
get under my skin easily.
Ryokos set her head down in her palm in a huff. She started to scheme 
when her thoughts where interrupted by a dark whole that materialized 
and enlarged next to her. The head and shoulders not to mention several 
long locks of red hair of Washu popped out. "Hay, are you coming to 
lunch or not? Everybody's waiting."
"Ok,ok I'm coming."
"You seem a little upset. Is their something wrong little Ryoko?"
"Not now, later."
"Ok, little Ryoko, have it your way. Maybe after lunch in the onsen 
hmmm?"
Washus head popped back into her dimensional whole and disappeared.
Ryoko teleported down stairs to the dining table.
As she sat down she had a final thought that brightened her mood. 
(Well, if I'm not going to get Tenchi alone in the onsen then maybe I 
can stir up a little fun. Ha ha ha)

                                                                                   
END


 




 




 



  



 
  
 
 

  

 














