I make no claim to the character portrayed in this story and have made no 
money
off of them. The same goes for any phrases from the song that inspired this 
fic.


Why do these tears come at night?
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Ryoko woke up in the early morning. She smiled and floated into the 
bathroom
to clean up. Phasing out of her clothes she lay back in the warm waters of 
the
bath. Breathing deeply she thought about the reason she stayed on this 
planet.
He never seemed to notice her. Never cared that she could have left at any 
time
to see a thousand different worlds that would make this one seem like a 
desert
in comparison. Why? Why didn't he care?
  Standing up she phases out slightly allowing the water to drop off of her.
Standing in front of the mirror she looked herself over. Well nothing wrong 
there.
Despite what Aeka always said she didn't look at all like a monster. Tenchi
had said so himself several times. Suddenly she hit the counter cracking it. 
A tear
rolled down her cheek as she left the room.

  Tenchi walked home carrying his briefcase over his shoulder. Ryoko and the
others had arrived home a week ago and now everything was back to normal.
Unfortunately Tenchi wasn't sure if normal was what he wanted any more. He
had had the chance to be the ruler of the universe, to marry a princess, and 
to
live on a fantastic planet at the other end of the universe. He had given it 
all up
because none of it could give him the one thing he really wanted.
  Why he loved Ryoko was a question he was constantly asking himself. Why he
couldn't tell her was another one. He knew she loved him, had known for a 
long
time. But he never knew when he had come to love her. When he had first met
her she had lied to him, chased him, and almost got him killed a dozen 
times.
She never stopped fighting when she was around Aeka and she had tied to
seduce him against his will. That was how they had met Washu.
  But ever since she had come back from space something was different. He 
had
seen the blood dripping between her fingers when he had gone to rescue Aeka
and knew that she was hurt. But she hadn't complained so he had thought that
she would be alright. But despite the fact that she had shown up again as 
good
as new, Tenchi had the suspicion that she had barely made it back.
  Now she was here, and hadn't even assumed that he loved her. She had acted
as if she were still in competition with Aeka. Maybe that was why Tenchi had
not told her. She wouldn't believe him if he did. Let alone that the only 
thing that
had let him defeat Kagato was the thought that he had to get back to her. He
had gone to save Aeka, but what drove him on was what Kagato had done to
Ryoko. Biting his lip Tenchi curse his silence. If he could only say it!

  Washu sat in her lab monitoring the situation. Turning she looked at the 
figure
standing behind her. "So why do you need my help? You've done a dozen of
these things."
  The narrator smiled, "Yeah, but I'm afraid I've gotten into a rut. The 
trick is finding new ways to get them together."
  Washu smiled and shook her head. "You could always have them go for 
somebody else, like me getting Tenchi for instance."
  He smiled, "No way Washu. I've read enough of the other fics to know 
better. Don't worry though, you got him a few times."
Washu called up the Tenchi Fan Fic web site. "I know. If I hadn't double 
checked the alternate universes I wouldn't have believed it. Some of these 
things are... well weird."
  He nodded, knowing only too well. "Anyway Washu as far as the 
relationships go, Ryoko gets Tenchi and Mihoshi gets Kiyone. That's the only
thing I go on. Everything else is mute."
  Washu shook her head, "Well it's not the relationships you have to worry 
about. It's how they get together." He nodded and sighed, "I know that. Why 
do you think I try to only read they Ryoko-Tenchi fics?"
  Washu shrugged. "Well do you have any suggestions at this point?"
  Washu smiled and said, "Yes. Watch this." Washu started typing out a part 
of the story.

  Tenchi walked in the door. There was Aeka sitting on the couch watching a
soap opera. Kiyone and Mihoshi had been given some vacation time and had
decided to take it off world. Sasami was in the kitchen with Ryo-oki and 
Washu was probably still in her lab. He had finally decided just what to do 
to let Ryoko know he cared, and he couldn't find her. Why was his luck so 
bad?
  Aeka smiled and bowed when she saw Tenchi enter the room. "Hello lord
Tenchi. Welcome home."
  He smiled at her. "Thank you Aeka. Do you know where... everybody is?"   
Aeka smiled politely and nodded, "Well Sasami is in the kitchen, Ryoko is on 
the roof, and Washu is in her lab. Anything wrong."
  He shook his head, "No Aeka. Nothing is wrong. I just need to talk to 
Ryoko."
  Aeka nodded, her smile disappearing. "I know Tenchi. I figured it out when
you left Jurai. She was the one thing you could not have there..." A tear 
fell to
the floor.
  Tenchi reached out and wiped it from her cheek. "I'm sorry Aeka."
  She shook her head, "Don't apologize. I didn't come back to fight over you
Tenchi. I came back because this is where I belong."
  He nodded. "Thank you for understanding Aeka."
  Tenchi turned and walked up the stairs. Behind him Sasami came out of the
kitchen and went to her sister's side. "I'm proud of you Aeka."
  Aeka smiled at her and nodded, but the smile faded quickly. "I had hoped 
he would pick me Sasami. But I think that somehow I knew he wouldn't."
  Sasami nodded. "I know. Remember that world you made from Washu's 
machine?"
  Aeka nodded and sat back on the couch. There was nothing more to do now 
but live. (O.K., I admit that was a bit melodramatic.)
  Tenchi crawled out his window and onto the roof. There she was, staring 
out
at the lake. "Hello Ryoko."
  She jumped slightly. "Um... hi Tenchi. What's up?"
  Tenchi crawled over to her and smiled. "I wanted to talk to you about 
something Ryoko. About promises."
  Ryoko bit her lip, "You mean about my trying to win you from Aeka?"
  He shook his head. "No, this is about promises I made. Do you remember the 
last thing we talked about? Before I went to save Aeka?"
  She nodded and turned away. "I didn't mean to be so selfish Tenchi. I just 
didn't want you to get hurt." She gasped when she felt his hand in her hair.
  "Not that Ryoko. That trip you talked about."
  Ryoko shivered not believing what she was hoping he was saying. "I said I 
would like to go on that trip with you Ryoko. I meant it."
  She turned back to him, tears flowing steadily down her cheeks. "Tenchi I 
didn't consider that a promise. I won't hold you to it."
  Taking a deep breath Tenchi looked back into her eyes, "Ryoko, you aren't 
holding me to anything. I want to go with you and see the universe."
  Ryoko let out a small whimper. "Why Tenchi? Why me? You have a princess
waiting for you just down stairs. Why would you pick me over her? I'm 
nothing
but a pirate. I stole the money from Nagi, I took it from the bank of Jurai, 
and I
almost let you all starve on the space ship. So why do you want ME?"
  Tenchi reached out and pulled Ryoko to him, letting her cry into his 
shoulder. "Because Ryoko, I... I love you."
  The whimpering became louder, "Why Tenchi? Why do you love me?"
  He stared down at her, his hand still passing through her hair, "I don't 
really know Ryoko. I guess it's a bunch of little things."
  Ryoko's sobs wracked her body, shaking Tenchi as well. "What Tenchi? I 
mean look at me? I'm so weak, I'm not a nice person, and I... I lie and..."  
    Tenchi hugged her close and pressed his face into her hair. "Ryoko, you 
are a nice person and you are most certainly not weak." She turned to look 
up at him, her fingers tracing down his cheek.
  "Tenchi I have loved you since the minute I saw you. I've never met anyone
who had such compassion for someone they didn't even know. Since I was 
little I only met criminals and bounty hunters. But you, you were 
different."
  He smiled, "I just did the right thing Ryoko. And I have never regretted 
what I
did to help you."
  Ryoko laughed, "Never huh? What about when you found out I was a space 
pirate and chased you through the house? Or when I dragged you off to 
Washu's cave?"
  Tenchi blushed and shook his head. "No, I never regretted helping you. I 
was scared of you, but the thought of leaving you there never even crossed 
my mind. If you could see yourself when you are asleep you'd know what I 
mean."
  Ryoko's smile widened, "Oh? And I thought I was the one that watched you
in your sleep."
  Tenchi laughed. "Turn about  is fair play Ryoko. And besides, you are 
beautiful. Asleep or not."
  Ryoko blushed and pressed her face into his shoulder. Then she looked up 
at him, "Why did you wait so long to tell me this?"
  Tenchi sighed and looked off into space. "I don't really know Ryoko. I 
tried... I really did. I just didn't think you would really believe me."
  Ryoko sucked in a quick breathe. "You're right Tenchi. I wouldn't have. 
I'm still not sure if I do. When I was in the orphanage I..." Suddenly 
Ryoko's jaw snapped shut with an audible snap.
  Tenchi looked down at her concerned. "Ryoko... you were in an orphanage?"  
  Ryoko closed her eyes and cursed herself under her breath. Then
with a reluctant edge she said, "Yes. Yes I was."
  Tenchi hugged her again, "If  you don't want to talk about it that's 
alright Ryoko."
  Ryoko shook her head, "No Tenchi I have to tell someone. And you're the 
only person I would ever tell this to. Up until I was five I was in a Jurai 
orphanage. Nobody ever knew who my parents were." Tenchi listened intently 
as Ryoko continued. "When I was five, the man who ran the orphanage... I 
don't remember his name... but anyway that isn't important. One night I was 
working on my powers, trying to figure out how they worked. I had just found 
out about invisibility and I thought it was so cool.
  "So I turned invisible and walked quietly down the stairs. I didn't know 
how to
phase through things or fly, so this was the best I could do. When I got 
down
there I walked down the hall. I was going to try to sneak some cookies or
something from the kitchen. But on my way I passed the offices and noticed a
light on in one and I heard them talking. 'Ryoko isn't going to be getting a 
family
and you know it. She's too old and too strange. She scares the hell out of 
people with those light swords of hers and her eyes are just...' I peeked 
around and saw Mark, one of the guys who took care of us. He was talking to 
the guy in charge. When I heard what he said I stopped and just couldn't 
move. 'I know what you mean, but we have a responsibility to take care of 
her. She isn't something we can just loose. Ryoko is a living breathing 
person.' Mark snorted and shook his head, 'Person? She's a frilling monster. 
People can't do the things she does. I say we tie her in a sack, drown her, 
and report her as a runaway.' The guy shook his head, 'I can't be apart of 
this. If anybody found out I could go to prison. You too.' Mark laughed, 
'Only if we tell them. Come on. We can be rid of her forever and all you 
have to do is say yes.' I started crying then. I couldn't understand  why 
they wanted to kill me. I just knew I had to leave.
  "When I turned to run I went right through the wall. I didn't know how I 
did it
but at that point I began to wonder if they hadn't been right. That maybe I 
was a monster and should be killed. That was when I met Ryo-oki. I saw her 
playing outside the orphanage on my way out. She liked me and linked with my 
mind. She took me away from there. Saved me. Over time I realized I needed 
money. Ryo-oki said she could sense some on a ship within a few minutes and 
asked me why we couldn't just take it. That was how I got into the space 
pirate thing."
  Ryoko stopped when she felt Tenchi hugging her closer. "Tenchi, why is it 
that
you don't see me as the monster everyone else does?"
  Tenchi thought about it for a minute. "I don't really know Ryoko. I never 
saw you as a monster so I have nothing to compare it to. I've always 
pictured you as a strong, beautiful, and very intelligent person who has had 
some horrible things happened to her. Sometimes you scared me, but you never 
hurt anyone who didn't hurt you first."
  Ryoko grinned and hugged Tenchi close. "So... now that we've got that out 
of
the way. Where would you like to go my Tenchi?"
  Tenchi grinned back and leaned forward, lightly kissing her on the lips. 
When they broke apart he smiled and said, "Everywhere. Let's see everything 
alright?" Ryoko nodded and closed her eyes. "I love you Tenchi."

  The narrator read over Washu's shoulder. "Hmm, not bad. Not bad at all. 
I've
used a few of these things already, but the orphanage was a nice touch."
  Washu smiled. "Well it's not easy being original. But if you think you can 
do better then feel free to rewrite it."
  The narrator smiled, "Nah. Its very good Washu. I'm sorry I belittled your 
work."
  She nodded and smiled at him. "Forgiven. But we still need to tie up a few 
loose ends."
  He raised an eyebrow, "Are you referring to what he and Ryoko will do on 
their trip? Because I might be able to make a series out of that... except 
it would cut out the other characters for the most part. Hmm."
  Washu laughed manically. "No, I meant Mihoshi and Kiyone. How are you 
going to handle them this time?"
  The narrator chuckled. "Well I was thinking we'd try to answer the reason 
that
Mihoshi is the way she is, have her and Kiyone talk some things out, and 
then..."
Washu sat forward in her seat. "And then?"
  He shrugged, "Well I need to find a way for them to get together." Washu 
grinned, "Like those lemons you wrote or like in the regular ones?"
  He laughed, "Sorry to disappoint but I'm trying to be romantic so I think 
I'll avoid open sex in this one."
  Washu pouted slightly and poked him in the ribs. "Well what about you and 
me? Can't we have some fun?"
  The narrator smiled and nodded, "After the fan fic ok? How about a deal? 
You help me figure out how to do this fic right, and we'll have some fun 
later. Alright?"
  Washu nodded and rubbed her fingers together. She turned back to the
computer, "Well in the first half we had Kiyone and Mihoshi off planet. I'm
thinking that maybe Kiyone is getting just a little curious about exactly 
why
Mihoshi is a first class detective."
  He nodded, "Yeah, I've tried out a few ways for that. In some I had her 
turn out to be faking it, in others it's because her grandfather is marshal 
of the GP and you're her grandmother. But that won't work in this universe."
  Washu nodded. "In that case, we need to find an excuse for her. I think 
you may have figured one out already."
  He looked at her and raised an eyebrow, "Oh?" She nodded again. "Do you 
remember when you said that Mihoshi was from a planet with no worries and 
that Kiyone was from a mining planet where women were looked down upon and 
she had to work hard for everything she got?"
  He broke into a grin and Washu continued, "So here's how we do it..."

  Kiyone was sure she could do it this time. The blaster was pointed right 
at
Mihoshi's head. The sleeping ditz was totally unaware of anything. Of course 
if
that were any indication she very well might be awake. Sighing Kiyone 
dropped
the gun back into its holster. "Mihoshi why are you such a..."
  Mihoshi yawned and smiled at her. "Such a what Kiyone?" Kiyone just shook 
her head and growled. Turning away she went to the control room to be by 
herself.
  Mihoshi watched her go. She had never known anyone like Kiyone and being
her partner was the high point of Mihoshi's life. If only she could figure 
out why
she kept making Kiyone so angry all the time. After an hour of trying to 
figure it
out she just decided to go ask Kiyone herself. When she arrived at the 
control
panel Kiyone was asleep in her chair.
  On the screen in front of Kiyone was something Mihoshi found fairly 
interesting. It was the entrance page into her GP file. Kiyone had 
apparently been trying to guess the password. Mihoshi smiled pleasantly, 
"Well if she wants to read about me that is perfectly alright." She leaned 
over and typed in the password. The screen flashed the words: Danger. 
Top-secret material. Restricted access. Material in this file may have 
undesired effects on the lives of certain individuals.
  Mihoshi picked up a ball bearing and spun it around on the counter. 
Quickly
leaving the room she ducked out the door just before the bearing hit the 
floor.
Kiyone woke up at the sound and saw the screen. "Hmm, must have got the
password after all." Kiyone scanned over the information.

DETECTIVE FIRST CLASS MIHOSHI (no other name given)
SPECIES: Unknown humanoid type
PLANET OF ORIGIN: Unknown.
I.Q.: 6987 (super genius)
SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: 37 hours of sleep out of every 60. Excessive
amounts of food.
REASONS FOR REQUIREMENTS: High metabolism. Theorized that on her
planet there was a sixty-hour day. There is evidence of genius quotient 
rivaling
that of most scientists and the ability to alter reality slightly 
subconsciously,
requiring more food and brainpower. Using this power means that she enters a
state of naive behavior and basic motor functions. Should she not get enough
sleep this behavior could continue indefinitely. Through training the GP has 
managed to alter motor functions so that when in this state she can still 
operate effectively.
SPECIAL ABILITIES: Reality alteration. High metabolism means increased
speed, strength, and senses. Empathic ability. (Warning: this makes her a 
highly
emotional) Adrenal gland can be controlled by her on purpose so that she can 
increase her already incredible strength many times.
DEFECTS: Personality problems caused by special abilities seems to aggravate
the part of other's personalities, which senses the unfairness of life. 
Mihoshi's
apparent ability to cost through life so aggravates people that she has 
caused the
early retirement of over 76 highly trained officers. One success is Kiyone 
Nutubi,
detective first class. For information on her click the link.
RECORD: Over 3006 arrests. Once framed for crimes against Jurai, was one
of the people who helped restore the Jurai court to power. For more 
information
click on the link. Mihoshi has turned down all commendations and promotions
since achieving first class detective. Was forcibly promoted but used her 
new
position to put herself back on First Class Detective standards along with 
her
partner.
PSYCHOLOGICAL: Mihoshi is a genius. Her I.Q. scores rivaled only by the
scientist Washu. Her species has never been encountered before so a
psychological profile cannot be accurately obtained. However the parts we do
have indicate that she is a care free individual. Capable of developing a 
strong
bond with someone, her psychologist has determined she may feel a strong
physical and emotional attraction for her partner Kiyone. See link for 
details.

  Kiyone's jaw dropped. Shaking her head in disbelief she tried to 
assimilate the
information she had just received. Mihoshi was one of the smartest people in 
the universe. And her personality was due to a natural disorder. She 
suddenly felt bad for yelling at Mihoshi for sleeping so much. And it was 
true. Kiyone did
resent how easily things went for her partner.
  What really caught her eye was the last sentence of Mihoshi's Psyche file. 
"'May feel a strong physical and emotional attraction for her partner 
Kiyone.'" She said it to herself and still couldn't believe it. Kiyone 
decided to see what the file on her said. She had never read hers, having 
never needed too. Kiyone's file was not a restricted access. It made Kiyone 
somewhat jealous but then realized she was being mean again.
  Clicking on the link she waited a few seconds while the screen loaded up.

DETECTIVE FIRST CLASS KIYONE NUTUBI
SPECIES: Requiem Photosilibus. Humanoid plant/animal.
PLANET OF ORIGIN: Sector 679. Fourth planet from the star. Known as
Requius.
I.Q.: 789 (above average)
SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: 13 hours of sunlight from every 46.
REASONS FOR SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: Kiyone is an animal/plat
crossbreed. Needs very little food due to photosynthesis in her hair.
SPECIAL ABILITIES: Regeneration. Can go for weeks without food. When
necessary she can absorb non-organic substitute from soil. Prefers normal 
food
though.
DEFECTS: Highly aggressive personality. Psychological dependency to care for
another person, while blaming them for everything. See Psychological 
Profile.
RECORD: 4377 arrests. Once indicated in crimes against Jurai was one of the
people responsible for restoring the Jurai Royal family. See link for 
details.
Only person in GP history to successfully work with Detective First class
Mihoshi. Tried for promotion for years, attained high rank in GP but gave it 
up
along with Mihoshi to once again become First Class Detectives and work in a
remote section of the galaxy near the home of Tenchi Misaki, crown prince of
Jurai. See link for details.
PSYCHOLOGICAL: Kiyone seems to have a need to prove she can
accomplish anything. Unfortunately once it is accomplished she feels like it 
was
not enough and moves onto something else. As stated earlier she has a strong
maternal instinct and can come to care deeply for someone despite blaming
them for her hardships. Species basis would indicate this is normal for 
females
of her planet and can be worked around should they want to. Kiyone was found
to be the perfect personality match for Detective Mihoshi, able to hold her 
own
against a personality, which has driven others, mad. Warning: Possibility of
physical attraction developing unconsciously towards Mihoshi. Possibility
determined acceptable due to rarity of personality match. Unfortunately on 
her
planet an attraction between females was considered wrong because females
are considered second class and cannot breed with one another. So denial 
quotient may cause friction and severe irritability until acceptance. We 
have also determined that she will most likely not look into this file 
unless she becomes curious enough about her partner to open her file. 
Finding this out could severely alter her ability to perform as an officer, 
and thus we have classified Mihoshi's file so that only Mihoshi or the 
marshal may open it. It is unlikely that Kiyone will develop a serious 
relationship with anyone else.

  Kiyone sat shaking slightly staring at the screen. Taking a deep breath 
she tried
to calm down but it didn't seem to be working. "No, it isn't... it can't be 
true."
Kiyone bit her lip and sucked hard. Suddenly she was brought out by the 
taste
of blood. Pain shot through her lip. Kiyone ran to the bathroom, past 
Mihoshi
who was sleeping on the couch. When she got there she saw blood dripping
from the part of her lip she'd bitten off.
  Closing her eyes Kiyone concentrated. He lip healed quickly. She turned to
leave only to find Mihoshi standing behind her. "Kiyone are you alright? You
were bleeding and you looked kind of stressed. Can I take a look?"
  Kiyone backed away for a second, "No! I mean uh... no thanks Mihoshi. I'm 
alright. Please just... back up a bit ok?"
  Mihoshi reached out a bit but when Kiyone backed away she frowned and 
shrugged. "So did you find what you were looking for?"
  Kiyone, who was almost out the door turned back. "You... you know about
that?"
  Mihoshi nodded and smiled. "I wasn't reading over your shoulder or 
anything. I just saw you were trying to access my file so I put in the 
access code so you could look up whatever you were after. I'm sorry if I 
made you mad Kiyone."   Kiyone was about to yell at her again, but then 
stopped. Why was she
so mad at Mihoshi? She wasn't really mad, just confused. "I'm... I'm not 
really
mad at you Mihoshi. Just some stuff I saw in the files."
  Mihoshi nodded and looked down. "Was it the psyche profile?" Kiyone's 
breath caught in her throat and Mihoshi smiled. "I have been sleeping a bit 
more Kiyone. Anyway, I have read both files."
  Kiyone shook her head. "No, not just the psyche stuff. Also there was the
things in your file. I'm sorry I yelled at you so much for sleeping Mihoshi. 
I didn't
know you needed it to think straight."
  Mihoshi smiled and shook her head. "It's not your fault. At the time I 
didn't know either." Mihoshi leaned forward to put her hand on Kiyone's 
shoulder but Kiyone pulled away involuntarily. Mihoshi closed her eyes and 
let her head look down. "I'm sorry I scare you now Kiyone. I... I didn't 
expect you to find out like this."
  Kiyone looked at Mihoshi and started breathing deeply again. "I'm sorry 
too
Mihoshi. It's just I can't..."
  Mihoshi nodded. "I understand Kiyone."
  Kiyone sat down heavily on the couch, staring off into space. After a 
minute she turned back to Mihoshi. "How... how were you planning to tell 
me?" A tear fell from  the blonde's eye.
  She sat down next to Kiyone and looked into her eyes. "I...I was going to 
tell you myself, in a way that you would understand and accept. But I kept 
loosing sleep and couldn't think straight."
  Kiyone nodded. She had read about that in Mihoshi's profile. "Mihoshi, 
where
are you from?"
  Mihoshi smiled and winked, "Well I'm not supposed to talk about that. But 
since it's you I guess it's ok."
  Kiyone smiled back, still slightly amazed that she was carrying on an 
intelligent conversation with Mihoshi. "I came from a planet outside the 
galaxy. Our star wanders a bit, too far away from the middle to be held by 
gravity. A long time ago we made some machines that could do all of our work 
for us without polluting anything, so we don't have much to do. Nothing to 
fear, no taboos, nothing but peace and quiet and fun. I hated every minute 
of it."
  Kiyone raised an eyebrow. "How could you hate something like that? It 
sounds like paradise."
  Mihoshi leaned back and shook her head. "Yeah, it was. That was the 
problem. There was nothing that needed to be done. So I told everyone I was 
going to leave and see what there was to do somewhere else. They were only 
too happy to see me go. They just had me swear that I would not let 
outsiders know where out world was." She smiled and turned to Kiyone. "I 
know to you it seems like that would have been a good life, but not needing 
to do anything can be so boring."
  Kiyone nodded. "I can understand that I guess. But why did you... I mean 
why do you..."
  Mihoshi giggled lightly and smiled at her. "Why do I love you?" Kiyone 
nodded, still very uncomfortable with the situation. "In all honesty I don't 
know Kiyone. Any more than anybody else knows why they fall in love. I 
just...do. Seeing your face, hearing your voice. And mostly when we sing 
together. All those things and more Kiyone." Kiyone was shivering again.
  Mihoshi put an arm around her shoulder to calm her down. Kiyone closed her
eyes and stiffened up like a board, shaking and shivering. Tears fell down 
her
cheeks and she shook her head. Suddenly she jumped to the other side of the
room and hid behind the other couch. Mihoshi was left where she was with a
hurt look on her face, until she heard Kiyone's voice come from around the
couch. "You said you read my file Mihoshi. Well it was wrong about one 
thing.
On my planet this sort of thing isn't just wrong. It's considered the worst 
and
most vile act a person can do. Women on my world are meant to be slaves and
child bearers. Nothing else. If they tried to be anything else they were 
beaten."
  Mihoshi closed her eyes. She had worked such cases with Kiyone. Before she
had come from her world Mihoshi had been totally unaware of such atrocities 
in
the universe. When she had found out about them she immediately felt that 
they
had to stop. That was why she had joined the galaxy police in the first 
place. But
to find out that Kiyone was the victim of such a thing was almost too much 
for
her.
  "That's why I left the planet to join the GP. I couldn't stand living 
there another
minute. I wanted to show them that I was as good as anyone else. That 
despite
them the rest of the universe wasn't that way. I'm... I'm sorry I took it 
out on you
Mihoshi."
  Mihoshi walked over to the other couch and said, "I never blamed you for 
that Kiyone. I'm not exactly an easy person to be around."
  Kiyone  looked at Mihoshi over the edge of the couch, thankful for her 
understanding.
  Slowly she came out from behind the couch and sat next to Mihoshi. Looking
down at the floor Kiyone shivered. "I'm sorry I did that Mihoshi, it's 
just... the
stuff it said in the file. It just scared me is all. Because..."
  Mihoshi sucked on her lip and smiled hopefully. "Because why Kiyone?"
  Kiyone closed her eyes again and said, "Because I think it might be true. 
And that scares me worse than any thing else in this universe."
  Tears fell to the floor between Kiyone's feet. "Do you have any idea what 
it is
like to have been told something your entire life, by everyone you ever 
knew,
that something you want so much... is wrong?"
  Mihoshi shook her head, "Yes, I do Kiyone."
  Kiyone looked up at her and yelled, "How? How could you know what I feel?" 
   Mihoshi now looked away from Kiyone. "Because I can. You read my file. I 
am empathic. I know exactly how you feel because I feel it too. It hurts and 
pounds in my chest until I want to rip out my heart. Every person I'm 
around, everyone I talk to. I feel their grief, joy, sadness and anger. It 
takes everything I have in me to hold onto my own personality."
  Kiyone looked at Mihoshi and said, "I'm... I'm sorry Mihoshi. I didn't 
know. I
never wanted to hurt you. I want you to be happy but I..."
  Mihoshi turned and looked into Kiyone's eyes. "I just wanted you to know 
that I do know what it's like. I know every feeling you have."
  Kiyone looked at Mihoshi closely, deep into her eyes. "I believe you 
Mihoshi."   The blonde nodded. "You still want to spite your people. If you 
want... if that's the only way you can accept me, then I will do my best to 
help you."
  Kiyone still looking at Mihoshi shook her head slowly, "No Mihoshi. I 
don't
want that. If I do this... when WE do this... I don't want it to be for 
spite."
  Mihoshi now had tears matching Kiyone. "When we do this? You mean it
Kiyone? You'll be with me?" Shaking almost uncontrollably Kiyone nodded and
reached a hand out to Mihoshi. Mihoshi herself kept perfectly still, not 
wanting
to scare her. Finally Kiyone's shaking hand reached Mihoshi's cheek rubbing
against it. Mihoshi was shaking now too, not just with Kiyone's but her own
emotions as well. Tentatively Mihoshi put her own hand around Kiyone's back,
Mihoshi was just about to pull herself closer to Kiyone when she got a 
sudden
shock.
  With no warning even in her own mind Kiyone lunged forward and planted her
lips in Mihoshi's. Mihoshi was stunned and couldn't move for a second, then 
she
kissed Kiyone back. For several minutes their tears mixed on their cheeks. 
Then
Kiyone pulled back and smiled nervously. "I... I love you Mihoshi. Even when
you are sleep deprived."
  Mihoshi grinned playfully. "I'll hold you to that... if I remember." For 
the next few hours they stayed in each other's arms.

  Light applause filled the lab, "Bravo Washu. That will probably be the 
best
Kiyone Mihoshi gets together ever."
  Washu smiled and bowed. "Thank you, but you know this isn't the end of it 
don't you? Anyone who reads this is going to want to know how it turns out. 
Where Ryoko and Tenchi go. How Kiyone will handle this new development. And 
what will Aeka, Sasami and I do on Earth without Tenchi and Ryoko around."
  The narrator smiled. "Oh I'm sure you can whip up a portable door and 
space ship for them right?"
  Washu nodded. "You did the same thing a couple of times."
  He nodded, "Because it's a good idea. Unfortunately now I'm going to have
to do something I really don't like. I have to continue the story."
  Washu nodded and said, "I understand. You don't like leaving people 
hanging because so many of the fics you like do the same thing." He nodded. 
"But I refuse to end any of these things with 'to be continued.' Sequels are 
alright, episodes are great. But if I am not absolutely sure I will finish 
the next part, I will not write the first half."
  Washu put a hand on his shoulder. "Agreed, though I think I might send 
some
stories into the site myself. I seem to be doing well so far." She smiled at 
him.
"Well this one is done... for now. And what was it Tenchi said in the first 
part?
About promises?"
  The narrator grinned. Washu had assumed her adult form and was wearing a 
see through nightgown. He smiled, "Ok, just go easy on me alright? I did 
read those lemons with you in them. The hemaphropodscion and all."
  Washu laughed evilly. "Yeah. I just  hope whoever wrote that one finishes
it." Washu leaned forward and kissed the writer. The scene fades away.

Author's note

  So what did you think? A little self-serving, a little weird in places, 
I'll admit. But
keep in mind Washu was helping out. I know I do a lot of the same sort of 
things,
but these stories are about the different ways that they get going. In some 
Ryoko
turns out to be a long lost princess, in others there is no plot, just sex. 
The keys
to a good fan fic are first finding a new and interesting way to tell the 
story. And
the second is to finish your story. All else is just filler. If you like 
this or any of my
other fan fics, which are in EVERY section of www.tmffa.com please email me
and tell me what you think.
clayton_n@hotmail.com

