By GnsmthRaly (GnsmthRaly@aol.com)

hi everyone,

ok, this being my first fic, and a self-insertion fic at that (Lord help us
all!)  please give me some constructive criticism.  i apologize if i've
unwittingly used some one's ideas.  i don't know how long this will be, or
even if i'll finish it, depends on the response i get.  this was primarily
written because some one had said that they don't see any female self
insertion fics.  i'll use the age old excuse of "it seemed like a good idea at
the time ^.^*"
and now on with the fic.....

Disclaimer:  Tenchi and all characters are properties of their repsective
owners.  No money is being made by this, i'm only a college student so i have
no money.  don't sue me please.


Why Me?
by 
Rose

	"Oh yes!!!!  I can't wait!!  I'm going home tomorrow," I said excitedly as I
walked out of class with my friend Joe.   "God, I can't believe how utterly
boring that class was.  I think I was this close to falling asleep in there."
I held up my hand and brought my thumb and forefinger together so that there
was only an infintesimal amount of space between them.

	"You're telling me!  I don't think i could stand any more of his horrible
jokes.  I bet if they put him in a classroom all by himself he's still talk.
I don't think i've ever met anyone who loved to hear himself talk so much,"
said the tall, young, blond man next to me.

	I nodded my head in agreement.  There was no other person on earth, that I
knew, who could talk so long, in never varying monotone, for an hour and never
get anywhere on a topic.  I had often wondered how the college had been
tricked into hiring him.  All the man did was talk about his web page, make
extremely bad jokes, only occasionally interspersed with reading whatever we
were supposed to have read for the class.  

	"So what time do you wanna go to dinner, Rose?" Joe asked.

	"Well, I have class until four so how about we go at five," I asked.

	"Ok, fine.  I'll meet you down in the cafeteria.  Is Leora coming?"

	"Yeah, I think so.  I'll call her before I leave."

	"All right, I'm off to Bio.  See you at dinner."

	I watched him cross the street, and then began the walk back to my dorm.  On
the way back I thought about how stupid my Lit teacher was.  Stopping at the
corner I waited for the trolley to pass, and remembered the times that Leora,
Joe, and I would talk about cheerfully pushing him in front of the trolley so
that we would never have to go to that hell again.  

	"Hmph, the only thing redeemable about that class is that he always lets us
out a little early."

	On the walk back I noticed something glittering on the sidewalk.  As I
approached I noticed that it was a ring.  When I finally picked it up I
noticed that it really wasn't all that good looking a ring.  It was a dull
gold band with some etched design on it, and a small black stone setting.  I
decided to take it with me, I figured that when I went to class tomorrow I'd
take it over to lost and found.  You never know what people will miss these
days.  So as I resumed walking up to my dorm I slipped the ring on my finger
so I wouldn't lose it.

	An hour passes and I go to my math class.  "What am I doing here," I
think,"No matter what I do this stuff never seems to stay in my head.  What in
the world will i need to know how to find the volume of a cone inscribed in a
sphere for?  Ok, I admit it I give up.....the world of math is not for me.
Thank God, I only have to take one year of it.  If I had to take anymore I'd
be dead."  

	Time seems to be passing in slow motion, and the class drags on.  When the
class finally end I almost jump out of my seat as I head for the door.  "Man,
I'm glad that's over.  Now to attempt my homework before I meet Leora and Joe
for dinner," I think as I settle my backpack more securely over my shoulder.  

	After a fruitless hour of trying, and utterly failing, to understand the math
homework that was given I decided to make my way down to the cafeteria.  I
figured on the way I could stop off at Griffith Hall and drop off the ring so
that I wouldn't forget to later.  Me being the person I am, would probably
forget my head if it wasn't screwed on.  As I was walking I began fiddling
with the ring, and decided to take it off.  Unfortunatley the ring had other
ideas.  

	"What's with this thing," I grunted, while I tried unsuccessfully to slip the
ring off my finger, "It slid on easily before, in fact it was a little loose.
Why won't it come off now?"

	I stop walking and try to get a little more leverage in pulling the damn
thing off.  Twisting and pulling it to somehow loosen the ring from my finger.
Suddenly there is a clicking sound and the black stone on the ring starts to
glow.  My eyes widen, and now I frantically try to remove the ring because the
glow is making me incredibely uneasy.  Then just as suddenly as it started the
glowing stopped.  I sighed in relief and decided that maybe I'd wait until
tomorrow, and just get Leora to help me get it off when I met her at the
cafeteria.  However, it seemed I was never fated to reach my destination
because as soon as I began walking there was another larger flash of light,
and my surroundings disappeared.

*     *     *     *

	Meanwhile, somewhere in a pocket dimension.....

	Washu looked up from her calculations to the floating pinkish, protoplasmic
type mass.  She had been going over the numbers and probable outcomes for
days.   Finally, she was sure that she had all the kinks ironed out, and all
the possible glitches that could occur covered.  All she had to do was give it
form, then she could input the data so the unit would be at a level of
functionality comparable, perhaps a little beyond the other she had created
before.  The red-headed galatic genius decided that now would be a good time
to input all the data on languages, sciences, and behavioral patterns into the
computer.  This would mean that all she would have to do is a button and while
the mass was taking form all the information would be inputted on the unit.

	All of a sudden Washu's eyes became wide and she began to laugh maniacally,
"Hahahahahahahahahahaha, I am the greatest scientist in the universe!!!"

	Suddenly there was a knocking at the door.  Washu's face turned from that of
the insanely happy mad scientist, to that of a very annoyed one.  It seemed to
Washu that every time she began to work on something truly amazing there would
be an interruption.  She truly didn't want to be distracted, but she decided
that if the person were to come in they would bear witness to her newest
creation.

	"Come in," she said as she unlocked the door.  Standing at the door was
Sasami, dressed in her usual green, black, and pink dress, with Ryo-ohki
perched on her head.  

	"Washu-chan lunch is ready, won't you join us?"

	With a look at her latest invention Washu decided that she could wait until
after the meal.  After all, if she ate first there would be one less
interruption, and she could run tests on her newest creation.  
To give herself even more time Washu decided that she would put the download
of information and the completion of body formation on a timer so that when
she came back from lunch most of the body would be finished, and she could sit
back, relax, and watch her creation come to life.

	"Coming," she answered.   A minute later after everything was set up, she
walked out the door in anticipation of what Sasami had prepared for a meal.

*     *     *     *

	I was mad.  All right, maybe furious was a better word for what I was
feeling.  I had stopped being afraid a while ago, it seemed to be unnecessary.
After all, what danger was there.  I was flying rather quickly to seemingly
nowhere in particular.  There was no real scenery, just swirls of colors, and
at the moment, more than anything, I just wanted to go back to my point of
entry.  I was fuming, carrying on whole conversations with myself.  Besides,
what else did I have to do while I waited for whatever it was to happen.

	"This sucks.  I'm all excited to go home tomorrow and look what happens!!!  I
just had to pick up that ring didn't I.  I had to put it on, then fiddle with
it when it wouldn't come off.  I _had_ to do it myself, I couldn't wait to get
one of my friends to help.  Noooooooo.....hmph....typical.  I can't do
anything right.  Now what am i going to do?  Leora and Joe are probably going
out of their minds wondering where the hell I am, and along the same lines,
what if I don't get back anytime soon?  What are my parents going to think?
They'll be out of their minds with worry that's what.   Ohhhh, and I promised
Steve I'd go to a movie with him this weekend too.  I guess _that's_ out of
the question."

	After a while I got tired of talking to myself.  I had run out of things to
rant about, and it wasn't like I could sit back and enjoy the scenery.  In
fact, I had become majorly BORED.  I had been walking to dinner when this
happened, so I had nothing I could do while I was floating along.  Just as I
thought maybe I'd try to fall asleep a bright light appeared in front of me.
With my present trajectory, it seemed that I was headed straight for it.  
	
	All of a sudden I was entering it.  There was a flash of a bright light and
suddenly I appeared above a laboratory of some sort.  As I was no longer
supported by whatever had kept me floating before I began to fall.  Before I
could even manage more than a startled yelp my descent stopped.  My eyes
opened wide as I saw I was suspended between two machines in some sort of
glowing sphere. As I looked around I noticed I was not the only thing to be
suspended.  There seemed to be some sort of pinkish blob a little to my left.
I started to reach out to touch it when electricity flashed like lightning
across the sphere.  

	As the electricity coursed through me I was overwhelmed by the pain.  I
opened my mouth and let out a full throated scream.  The pinkish mass floating
near me suddenly began to attach itself to my body.  It seemed to be trying to
burrow itself underneath my skin, and I screamed again as it felt like
something was invading my head.  This was all to much for me and I thankfully
passed out.


*     *     *     *

	The Masaki household sat around the table enjoying their midday meal.  Ryoko
and Aeka were fighting as usual.  Insults flying left and right, it seemed
that if something wasn't done soon to calm them down then a full scale fight
would break out.  Tenchi sat there trying to calm each of them down and
failing miserably.  As soon as he came to one's defense the other would begin
their verbal attack with even greater force.  Wisely, before any more trouble
could start, Tenchi decided it would be best to keep his mouth shut and hope
they would stop soon.  Yosho was his usually unflappable self, and would
compliment Sasami on her cooking every once in a while.  Nobiyuki was talking
to Tenchi, exclaiming to his son how lucky he was to have two such beautiful
girls wanting his attention.  Washu sat there eating quickly, she wanted to
get back to her experiment as soon as possible so that she could see how it
was moving along.  She was just about to comment on the fight between Ryoko
and Aeka when a scream rang out.

	The shock of hearing the noise caused everyone to freeze.  A second scream
brought the group back to their senses.  When the scream ended the group began
to look around trying to pinpoint exactly where they thought the scream could
have come from.  Everyone's gaze seemed to land on the door to Washu's lab at
once.  Their gazes then shifted to Washu as she ran to her lab to see what
could be happening.  As far as she knew this was not in any of the expected
outcomes of the experiment.  

	This galvanized the group into action.  Everyone ran after Washu and ran into
her lab, only to run into her as they realized to late that she had suddenly
stopped not to far from the entrance.  There suspended above the ground was a
girl,who looked to be in her late teens, her brown hair hanging limply from
her slumped head, wearing jeans and a blue sweater.  She was also covered in a
pinkish substance that even as they watched seemed to absorbed into her body.

	"Washu,  who is that girl?  What's happening?" demanded Tenchi.

	"I have no idea, she wasn't here before the experiment started,"  Washu
stated.

	"Well why don't you turn the machine off so we can get her down,"  Tenchi
replied.

	"I would do that, however, she is an unknown in the experiment.  Stopping the
experiment as it is could cause damage to her system.  I am not sure how what
present damage will be done by her absorbing the protoplasm.  At the moment
all it seems to be doing is entering her system.  Hopefully, once the
experiment is done I will be able to remove it."

	"What do you mean hopefully, Washu-san?"

	This came from Aeka.  To involved in the present dilemma of what would happen
to the girl, Washu chose to ignore what Aeka had called her until a later
time.  

	"Well, I'm not totally certain if is just being absorbed into her
bloodstream, or if it is being absorbed at a molecular and cellular level.
The protoplasm was originally supposed to take a form similar to Ryoko's.
That would cause many cellular and molecular changes from what is presently
covering the girl.   If indeed it is being absorbed at that level it may take
some time to see whether or not it is possible to remove it without any
further damage," Washu said with a frown.

	"Uhhh....I hate to break up this little discussion, but that pink goo you're
talking about has been gone for about five minutes.  Are you planning on
letting the girl down any time soon,"  Ryoko asked.

	Washu managed to look somewhat slightly embarrassed.  In answer to Ryoko's
question Washu began to walk over to the computer controlling the experiment.
It was at this time that another surge of electricity began evelop the
floating girl.  Her body stiffened then went limp as the energy quickly
dissapated.

	Everyone blinked and looked at Washu.  It was Sasami who finally broke the
silence and asked, "What was that Washu?"

	"Oh, it must have been the information I was going to download into the brain
of the life form.  Come to think of it, hope it doesn't scramble the girl's
brain too much," she answered as she moved her hands over the keyboard.

	Looks of disbelief appeared on the rest of the group's faces at Washu's
statement.  They then turned to look at the girl, who was at the moment being
slowly lowered to the ground.  Upon closer inspection she seemed to look
slightly singed, a direct result mostly likely, of having been electrocuted.
Yosho walked over and calmly plucked the girl out of the air and replied,
"Perhaps it would be best if we moved her to a  more comfortable location."

	As he began to leave the laboratory the others suddenly relaized they were
being left behind and walked quickly to catch up with him.  "Where are you
going to put her Ojii-san?"

	"Well with Mihoshi and Kiyone gone there is enough room in the room that
Ayeka and Sasami stay in to hold another person.  Sasami-chan, would you be so
good as to go upstairs and set up a futon for our guest?"

	"Hai!," Sasami replied, and ran up the stairs to get everything set up.

	When everyone arrived upstairs Yosho put the girl down and covered her with
the blanket Sasami gave him.  As if by some unspoken signal all eyes turned to
Washu.

	Suddenly being the center of attention, and under such probing glances,
caused Washu to become slightly nervous and embarrassed.
"Ara.....well.....what is it?"

	"We are just wondering what you plan to do about this Washu.  I mean somehow
this girl appeared in one of your experiments.  Obviously you need to do
something to make sure that she's all right, and see if you can fix whatever
that machine of yours did to her," Tenchi answered.  His statement enhanced by
sounds of agreement from his companions.

	"Well, first I will need a DNA sample.  I have to see exactly what her
biological structure is so I can build on it.  Without that I won't be able to
do anything."

	"Oh, and what exactly will you use for that?"

	"No, need to worry, I just need a strand of hair.  I'll go and analyze it
now. "  Suddenly excited Washu starts speaking about all the wonderful
opportunities this situation caused.  "Just think, I have something new to
figure out.  Oooooh, it's been a long time since I've had anything this
interesting come to my attention.  The effects on her cellular level alone are
worth in depth study.  Her whole biological structure could be changed.  That
will be even more interesting."  Continuing her speach, she doesn't notice
that her audience had lost interest half way through.  They were now intent on
watching their guest to see if she showed any signs of waking up.  

	Unexpectedly they all gasped, and hearing this Washu stopped speaking.
Slightly annoyed that her discussion on the genetic alteration of a humaniod,
she walked over to see what had effected her audience so.  Looking at the
girl, she at first didn't see what could have caused their reactions.
Watching more closely her eyes sharpened.  Before her eyes the girl seemed to
grow taller, her brown hair taking on a noticable reddish tint.

	"Hmmm......interesting."  Calmly Washu reached over and plucked a hair from
the girl's head and walked out of the room, her intent to go analyze the
girl's DNA before it changed any further.  Talking over her shoulder she
addressed the household, "I'll be in my lab studying the situation.  I don't
think I'll make it for dinner."

	Sasami, broken out of the hypnotic trance induced by the girls continually
changing appearance, could only glance in Washu's general direction and nod.
With that Washu left the room, mumbling possible experiments to be done, as
she walked to her lab.

*     *     *     *

	"Ooooohhhh.....,"  I moaned and thought, "I thought nothing could hurt this
much.  What happened?"

	Slowly I opened my eyes.  Two things immediately registered:  one being that
it was extremely dark, the other was that I had no clue where I was.  After a
few tries I succeeded in lifting myself into a sitting position.  From my new
position I was able to see that I wasn't alone in the room.  To my right there
was a girl, her breathing was slow and even indicating sleep.  Looking to my
left I noticed another girl, who also appeared to be asleep.  Blearily I tried
to remember how I had gotten to where I was, but all I got for my trouble was
a surge in the pain from my already almost blinding headache.
	
	I decided that I could use a glass of water, and a bottle of asprin to kill
my headache.  After I finally was able to stand I looked around.  Spying the
door I began to move towards it only to have myself almost fall over.  My
forehead wrinkled as I frowned and tried to think why my center of balance
seemed to be off.  I stumbled to the door and grabbed onto the wall.  Walking
out into the hall I began walking down the hallway intent on finding the
bathroom.  

	"Man, I hope these people have asprin in the bathroom, and not hidden
somewhere."

	I came to a door and slowly opened it.  Looking in I saw the dim outline of
some one sleeping in a bed.  Concluding that this wasn't the bathroom, I
closed the door and moved farther down the hall.  The next door I came to
though,  was exactly what I was looking for.  I swung my arm out to the side
along the wall searching for the light switch.  A second later I was blinded
by a glaring light.  Stumbling I bumped into the sink.  My eyes finally
adjusted to the harsh light, I looked painfully into the mirror in front of
me.  As my vision sharpened I got a good look at myself and screamed.


End Part 1


	
 

	

