Here's the third part. Been really busy because there are effectively only 2 weeks of classes left in my school, so we're getting down to the crunch.  Hope you all enjoy.

Standard disclaimer applies.  Tenchi and all characters in the series belong to AiC and Pioneer.  I'm not making any money off of this so please don't sue.

Why Me?

Part 3


        The sun was shining, birds were chirping, and most of the Masaki household was up.  The majority unable to go back to sleep after last night's experience.  Sasami was alone in the kitchen cooking breakfast with Ryo-Ohki perched on her head.  

        "So Ryo-Ohki, what do you think of our new visitor?  It seems Washu has really outdone herself this time.  This time it's not a robot Washu gone crazy, but a half Washu clone, with some poor girl caught in the middle."

        Ryo-Ohki's only answer was a soft "Miyah...".  Ever since seeing the girl in the bathroom that looked so similar to her owner she had been unusually quiet and subdued.  The constant smiles and encouraging sounds were absent, as were the playful antics used to get extra carrots.

        "Oh well, I suppose it can't be helped.  I hope that Washu can get her back to wherever she came from.  She doesn't want to stay here like Ayeka-oneechan, Ryoko, Washu, and I do," she said with a slight frown.  Brightening slightly, "Maybe some food will make her feel a little better.  Don't you think Ryo-Ohki?"

        The answering "Miyah" and vigorous nodding she felt from the top of her head decided her that this solution would help put Rose back in good spirits.  After all, it always seemed to make everyone else feel better, why not her?  With that in mind Sasami went back to her cooking in full force, intent on making the best breakfast she could.  

*     *     *     *

        Washu was not a happy camper.  It seemed that no matter what scientific means she tried she couldn't find the type of energy used for the girl's inter-dimensional excursion.  Using conventional equations gave her different numbers each time, so any attempt at finding a stable number was nonexistent.  Frowning, she configured her computer to search for any anomalies that might have occurred.  Almost instantly information popped up on the screen.  Her eyes widened as she saw that at the time that Rose appeared in her energy sphere, the space couldn't be read by the computer.  It was like the computer skipped a section of the room, which it seemed in those few moments, hadn't been there.

        With this new information to chew on Washu was focused on obtaining the information she hadn't been able to get from Rose earlier this morning.  In her haste to get answers from the girl she almost hit Sasami as she opened her door.  

        Backpedaling quickly, Sasami narrowly avoided being hit on the face with the door.  Eyes wide, she watched as Washu seemed to come shooting out of her lab, setting off to parts unknown.  Washu, on the other hand,  seemed to realize that she had passed someone in the hall and turned around quickly.  

        "Well, Sasami-chan, what do you want?"  She asked with a slightly annoyed expression on her face.

        Blinking a few times, Sasami finally made the transition between the Washu, who had seconds ago been hurtling down the hall, to the one that was practically standing on top of her.

        "A-Ano, Washu-chan....breakfast is ready," Sasami said, still slightly confused.

        Waving her hand distractedly at the small girl, the scientist said, "Oh, is that all....ok, I'll be there soon."  With that the red-head resumed her flight down the hallway towards the stairs.

        "Bring Rose-chan with you when you come back down Washu-chan!!"  Sasami called after her.

        Her answer was a quick "Sure, sure," from somewhere up the stairs.

*     *     *     *

        Washu bolted up to the top of the stairs and made a hard left, running in the direction of the room that their guest was sleeping in.  When she got to the door, she didn't bother to knock and just rushed right in.  There lying on the floor was the source of her frustration.  Somehow this girl had managed to confound her great scientific mind.  

        Walking purposefully toward the futon where Rose lay, ignoring the nearby sleeping form of Ayeka, she leaned down and shook the girl to wake her up.  When the sleeping figure made no response, Washu shook her harder.  This also didn't seem to extract any response from her the red haired scientist started getting frustrated.  She straightened up and tried to think of something that would do the trick.  Her plan formulated quickly and she put the first part into effect.  

        Clearing her throat and leaning down close to Rose's ear, Washu yelled out, "Wake up!!!"
        
        This had no effect on Rose.....Ayeka, however, bolted upright and looked around frantically searching for the source of the noise which had startled her so.  Seeing Washu her temper flared and she spat out, "What is wrong with you Washu?!?!  I was trying to sleep!!"

        Hearing this Washu turned around slowly with a deadly expression in her eyes.  "What did you call me?" The scientist asked slowly.

        Ayeka realizing her mistake quickly tried to correct her mistake, "Aaaa....well....."

        Washu not satisfied with this response pulled out her gun and aimed it at Ayeka's face, and said, "What did I tell you to call me?"

          Seeing this Ayeka became extremely nervous and began to yell, "Washu-chan, Washu-chan, Washu-chan!!!!!"

        "Better," Washu replied, and pulled the trigger anyway.  

        Ayeka's response was to cringe, only instead of being blown to pieces a short rod came out of the barrel of the gun, and a red piece of cloth unraveled.  The message, written in black, "Gotcha."

        "Ummm.....am I interrupting something?"

*     *     *     *

        I was having a great time!!  I was at home and my friends and I had decided to go to a movie.  It was a strange one, and I couldn't remember whose idea it was to see it.  The actors on the screen seemed familiar, one baring a marked resemblance to myself.  

        The movie seemed to be about someone who had just popped out of nowhere and appeared into a family's life.  Karen, who was sitting to my right, was whispering to me the improbability of something like this happening.  She seemed to have a problem getting into the show and kept talking to me because she was bored.  My other friend Erica, sitting on my other side, seemed to be having a great time.  She was laughing at the antics of the characters on the screen.  

        Despite the outrageous things happening on the big screen I couldn't seem to pay much attention.  I was uncomfortable for some reason, it felt like a strong sense of deja-vu, but I couldn't figure out why.  Certainly something this strange had never happened to me.

        Suddenly someone in the back seats began screaming "Washu-chan" over and over again.  As I turned to see who was shouting my surroundings faded, and I found myself staring at a ceiling.  Hearing "Washu-chan" again I turned to see the red headed scientist pointing a huge gun at....what was her name again.....Ayeka.

        Sitting up I began to get alarmed.  It wasn't everyday that I saw a gun, much less one this big with so many buttons.  I scrambled to my feet hoping to stop what was about to happen, when Washu pulled the trigger.  I froze in shock, my eyes widening, as I saw the banner released and the writing on it.  Stepping forward cautiously I asked, "Ummm....am I interrupting something?"

        Both women turned to me, Washu's immense gun somehow disappearing from sight.  Ayeka's lips thinned, as she brushed off her nightclothes.  "Well I am going to get dressed,"  she huffed and walked out the door.

        I watched her retreating back, feeling like I had somehow missed something, when Washu's face popped into my field of vision. "So how's my daughter feeling this morning?"

        Blinking at being called "daughter" by someone who looked younger than I did I answered, "Better I think."
        
        Looking around I saw clearly for the first time, the room I was staying in.  My gaze eventually came to the floor, and incidentally to the ill fitting clothing  I wore.  "Umm....Washu.....what happened to the clothes I was wearing?"  The last thing I remembered wearing were my blue sweatshirt and jeans.

        Washu got that glint in her eyes again, and repeated her earlier question, "Now, what did I tell you to call me?"

        Recalling Ayeka's treatment, and events from the night before, I wisely answered, "Mom."

        Smiling at the quick response Washu nodded, "That's better.  As to your clothes it was agreed that with you growing so much we give you something bigger before any problems occurred.  Sasami and I changed your clothes so you're wearing one of Tenchi's sweat suits."

        Shaking my head slightly in agreement I realized I hadn't asked why she was here.  Aiming to correct that I asked, "So....Mom.....what are you doing here?"

        "Well I wanted to ask you again about you got here.  I wanted to get a better answer than from what you said last night."

        Frowning as I thought about an answer to her statement, I replied, "Well I was just walking to dinner and fiddling with a ring I found when was suddenly floating in some weird, in-between, place.  After floating for a while I ended up here."  Thinking for a little bit I shrugged.  Yep, that's pretty much what happened.

        Washu was deep in thought trying to latch on to something that the girl had said that would help her in her research.  She had just gotten realized something when a voice called out, "Washu-chan, Rose-chan breakfast is ready, are you coming down?"

        Turning toward the door I saw the black haired boy from last night.  Tenchi, his name was....or at least I thought so.  Looking to Washu I saw she had an intensely annoyed expression on her face.  Her answer to Tenchi's question was to snap, "We'll be right down!!"

        Hearing this Tenchi jumped and quickly made his way back down the hall.  I watched his retreating back and wondered again what about this small woman in front of me made everyone so afraid of her.  Then I remembered the gun.

        "Are we going to go to breakfast now?" I asked, "If we are would it be possible to get something else to wear.  I would feel kind of uncomfortable showing up in something like this."

        Appearing in sweats in front of numerous people I didn't know was not my idea of making a  good impression, especially one that was short in the legs and arms.  I would be staying with these people for an unknown amount of time so I wanted to make sure no one thought badly of me.  

        "Well Tenchi's things are a little short on you.  You wouldn't fit into his other clothes, Sasami's things wouldn't fit you, and Ayeka is shorter than Tenchi.   I don't think you want to wear Nobiyuki's or Yosho's clothes, so I guess this means we're borrowing from Ryoko.  Isn't this nice!!  Sisters sharing clothes."

        Somehow her words made me feel distinctly uncomfortable.  I didn't really know this Ryoko person, and she had seemed extremely annoyed with me last night.  The last thing I wanted to do was get, someone, who had the powers Washu had implied she had before, mad at me.  

        "Are you sure it will be all right with her that I wear her clothes?"

        Waving her hand and looking away, Washu replied, "Of course not..."

        Washu made her way to a more central part of the room and.....reached somewhere.  When she pulled her hand back it was holding onto a green and pink dress with a red belt.  At first glance it looked like a perfectly respectful one....and then I saw the huge vertical slit going up the front and back of the skirt.  Seeing my face Washu put it back in to wherever she had plucked it from, only to come back clutching a white top with multicolored sleeves that had even less material.  My eyes went wide at the thought of someone actually wearing that in public.

        "What's wrong with this one?," asked Washu, "It's a perfectly good piece of clothing, I'm sure I can find the leggings if I dig around for them?"

        Blushing a bit I said, "I think I'd be a little uncomfortable showing that much skin....."

        Washu sighed, shook her head, and placed the top back in the pocket space.  Reaching in yet again she came back out with a red and black spandex-like outfit.  Even before she started to look at me I was shaking my head.  There was no way I was going to go meet the family with something like that on.  Rolling her eyes, Washu put the outfit away and said, "Come now, there has to be something you like?  You're body is very similar to Ryoko's, and she has no problem wearing those clothes."

        My response to this was a blank stare.  I didn't care how similar Ryoko and I looked, I was still me.....ok.....maybe I changed a little.  That, however, wasn't the point.  I would feel uncomfortable wearing those clothes, and it would show.

        "Ahhh...here we are...why don't you try this on," Washu said.  In her hands was a long dress.  It had dark blue and beige stripes, a red belt, and.....a tail?!?!?

        "Does Ryoko wear this often?" I asked.  Why would someone have a tail attached to her dress?

        "Of course.  But don't worry I'm sure we can get you a few things later today," Washu said with a mischievous glint in her eyes.

        Warily accepting the dress I turned around and changed my clothes.  After it was on I was relieved that it wasn't showing anything.  Some of the things I had glimpsed in Ryoko's wardrobe had seemed to have less rather than more.

        While I was changing I decided to hazard a question, "Ano...exactly how did you pull these clothes out from thing air?"

        Washu pulled a face and sighed, "Well, as you know from your own experience the universe exists in multiple dimensions.  Now through warp strings, and dimensional fluctuations it is possible to harness parts of these dimensions for practical use.  Such dimensional holes are called sub-space and through the careful manipulations of the surrounding time space reality, these holes can be made to hold and infinite amount of substances.  A few examples are the downstairs bathroom, my lab, and the various pockets of space I use to store some of my equipment.  Ryoko uses one of these such pockets to hold her clothes, thinking that placing them there would keep them out of everyone's reach, heh."

        Throughout this explanation my eyes had glazed over, and it became a reflex to nod and say "yes of course" every few minutes.  I was beginning to feel sorry I had asked, I had just wanted a simple answer, with words I could understand, told to me in a way that it would be _possible_ to understand.  Seeing my expression Washu raised and eyebrow, sighed, and thought about how nice it would be if just once, someone could understand what she was saying.  What good was bragging about your knowledge if everyone zoned you out while you were talking.

        This completed Washu and I made our way to where the rest of the Masaki household was waiting.  Everyone except Ryoko.  Somewhat relieved that I wouldn't have to face her I sat down where the small blue haired girl indicated.  Deciding not to tempt fate and ask where Ryoko was I kept silent and waited for some clue as to what was expected.

        In unison ,after everyone had been served a small portion of everything, everyone including me said, "Itadakimas!!"

        This caused me some slight confusion since I had no prior knowledge of why I had said this.  Washu had some more explaining to do.  Turning to Washu, I started to ask her a question.  Then my stomach grumbled and I decided to ask later....after this wonderful smelling food was safely tucked away in my stomach.

        Noticing that only a pair of chopsticks was present for eating I grimaced.  Now, I could eat with chopsticks, it was just that I had to do it slowly, with great care, or I'd drop whatever I was holding.  Gingerly picking up the eating utensils I started to eat.  The first bite made me close my eyes and sigh with content.  Whoever had made this was an excellent cook.  The meal passed in silence, everyone content to eat the wonderful food instead of talk.
        
        Looking around me I noticed that everyone seemed to be eating at a sedate easy pace, however Washu seemed to be packing it away a bit quicker than the others.  I finished eating my rice and was Sasami was just about to serve me more when I heard a loud yawn.  I started to get nervous, Ryoko was the only one not present, and I wasn't sure what her reaction to me wearing her dress would be.  She blearily sat down at the table next to Tenchi and began eating.  

        Still half-asleep Ryoko commented, "Has anyone seen my striped dress around?  I've been searching everywhere for it?"

        Hearing this I swallowed hard, my nervousness increased exponentially.  Everyone else seemed to freeze momentarily, and then casually went on as if nothing had happened.  Ryoko blinked at this, and Ayeka got a nasty gleam in her eyes.  

        "What?," Ryoko queried.

        "You really are baka, aren't you Ryoko-san," Ayeka said sarcastically.

        "And what is that supposed to mean Ayeka?,"  Ryoko answered, somewhat more alert, eyes slitted.

        Everyone at the table seemed to freeze and watch the pair as they traded insults.  I kept thinking that it was only a matter of time before the cyan-haired woman figured out exactly where her dress had gone.  And judging from her reaction to Ayeka her temper was something I didn't want to deal with.  Watching the increasingly heated argument in front of me made me want to somehow disappear into the woodwork so that I wouldn't be found out.  Unfortunately, I figured movement of any sort would call attention to myself, and the last thing I wanted at the moment was attention.

        In retrospect I probably should have been monitoring the fight just a little more closely rather than off in my own world thinking about how to get out of the room without calling attention to myself.  The next thing I knew, everyone was staring at me.  Ayeka had a satisfied smile on her face, Ryoko had murder in her eyes, Washu looked amused, Yosho continued eating, and everyone else had a look of horror on their faces.

        Seeing this I began inching myself away from the table.  "Umm....maybe now would be a good time to run?  Maybe find a good place to hide?"

        The only response I got to my question was the sound of knuckles cracking.  It could have been my imagination but I could have sworn I saw sparks coming out of her eyes.  For once I decided to be smart, I got up and ran as fast as the borrowed dress allowed. Ryoko was fast on my heels and caught up to me just as I had found the front door.  Seeing such an enraged face so near mine, I let out a startled yelp and jerked the door open and made it a few steps onto the front lawn before the super-powered being flew past and landed in front of me.

        She started chuckling in a most disturbing manner, and gathered what looked like orange energy into her hand.  Without any warning she came rushing forward and screamed, "What made you think that you could go through my stuff and take whatever you wanted???"  

*     *     *     *

        All was quiet at the table.  It seemed that Ryoko's outburst and Rose's subsequent flight from the breakfast table had stunned them all into silence.  They were understandably worried because, after all, Ryoko was a space-pirate with a number of destructive powers.  A few seconds later the shock wore off and everyone bolted outside to see what was going on between the two rivals.

        Except............

        "Now why would they want to run out on a lovely meal like this, Ryo-Ohki?  Sasami put extra effort into this to make Rose comfortable, and they should be here to enjoy it.  Hmmmm......oh well," Yosho said, and continued eating like there wasn't a care in the world.

        "Myaaah," the cabbit replied, continuing to eat her basket of carrots.

*    *    *    *

        I was running as fast as I could across the lawn towards the back of the house to get away from the enraged woman.  She was swiftly gaining on me, occasionally throwing handfuls of orange energy in my direction.

        *BOOM*

        The resulting shockwave from the explosion to my right pushed me to my left.  I stumbled, somehow managing to keep upright, and increased my speed.  I seemed to be moving at an incredible rate of speed, so fast it seemed that my feet weren't touching the ground anymore.

        *BOOM*

        This time the ball of energy exploded uncomfortably close to my legs.  I looked down and saw that I was in fact, flying about three feet off of the ground.  My mind started racing and I stopped suddenly, hanging in mid air.  Ryoko was closing the distance between us in short order, and I was getting scared of the look in her eyes.  Looking around I saw that although there were many trees in the area they really weren't very good places to hide as my clothing wouldn't and hair wouldn't blend in with the foliage.  I saw stairs leading up a mountain nearby and decided to go up.

        "Get over here so I can finish this!!!!"  Ryoko screamed, "When I get done with you, you'll wish you never dropped in this universe!"

        A bit too late for that, I thought sarcastically, I never really wanted to be here in the first place.

        Deciding to use my recently acquired abilities of flight I made my way quickly up the mountain, following the stairs.  When I reached the top, a bit singed from energy blasts exploding at close range, I stopped.  Breathing hard I looked around and saw only a small shrine, which, in my opinion, was something I didn't want to hide in or damage.

        I heard a twig snap and whirled around.  Ryoko had landed, and had created a sword-like object out of the same orange energy she had thrown at me before.  Not knowing the extent of my flight powers I didn't really feel like gaining any serious altitude and flying off into the sunset.  Who knew how long it would last, and I certainly didn't want to get caught that high when they gave out.

        "Now I've got you!!" 

        Not being able to think quickly enough to dodge out of the way, I closed my eyes, threw my hands forward, and wished for a way to stop her from slicing me with her energy sword.

        *BOOM*

*     *     *     *

        Running at top speed the Tenchi household, minus Yosho, is following the rhythmic sounds of explosions, attempting to find where Ryoko and Rose were going.  Finally the booms had seemed to settle in one place, and they all rushed to the area hoping to save Rose from Ryoko's wrath.

        When they reached the top of the stairs there was one final "boom", and they stopped in their tracks at the sight before them.  Those in the rear not quite quick enough to keep from bumping into the people in front were amazed when they finally got a look.  Sasami was attempting to see around the taller Tenchi and Ayeka in front of her.  The pair were looking at something and were preventing her from walking around and seeing whatever had caught their attention.

        "Ayeka-oneechan, Tenchi-oniichan, will you please move so I can see what's happened to Rose-chan."

        Tenchi finally moved far enough to the side to be able to see what had stupefied everyone.  There in the center of the shrine courtyard was Ryoko.....and she was looking decidedly burnt around the edges.  Rose was hanging in mid-air, staring at Ryoko with a look of horror on her face.  Ryoko's expression was one of complete shock.  

        "Ne, Tenchi-niichan.....what happened?"

        No one noticed Washu start typing on her holographic keyboard, or the strangely satisfied look on her face when information started scrolling down the screen.

*     *     *     *

        Ryoko was having a bad day.  When she had woken up, her favorite house dress had been missing, and no matter how hard she tried to find it, it had stayed lost.  Then when she had finally made it down for breakfast,  Washu's newly appointed daughter had been sitting calmly at the table wearing it.  Obviously this Rose person was taking her position as sister a bit too seriously.
        
        To top it off Rose hadn't stayed still while she had been blasting at her.  Instead the coward had run away and managed to avoid each of the charges fired in her direction.  It had mildly surprised her when the girl had begun to fly, but the icing on the cake was when she had finally seemed to corner the girl, Rose had let loose with her own blast of energy.

        Needless to say, Ryoko hadn't been expecting that and was caught fully unprepared when the blast had been fired at her.  She had barely managed to put her hands up to shield her face when the blast hit.  So now she was standing staring at the girl floating in front of her, and feeling slightly scorched. This was not how she wanted her day to begin.  Closing her eyes, she brought her sword up again, and ran at the girl.

*     *     *     *

        I couldn't stop staring at Ryoko, her surprised expression seemed to burn itself into my memory.  Somehow I had managed to create a blast similar to Ryoko's, and had been able to hit her with it.  This new development started getting me very nervous, as I thought about what else might occur because of Washu's experiment.  

        Seeing Ryoko had snapped out of her still position, and bring her sword up again did nothing to relieve my tension.  She began to move towards me again, and I really wished I could make one of those energy blasts again.....but I couldn't remember how I did it the first time.  

        I heard shouts from near where the stairs were and turned my head.  It seemed that the family had followed Ryoko and I when we had left the house.  A shadow fell on me, and I remembered Ryoko.  I knew it would be a futile gesture but I brought up my arm again trying to divert the energy blade as it descended towards me.  Only to be surprised yet again when a similar blade appeared in my hand, blocking Ryoko's swing.

        My eyes went wide as I stared at our clashing swords.  I quickly looked at Ryoko, only to see her staring at the same thing.  Her gaze moved to mine and she smiled.

        "Now we can have a _real_ fight."

        This statement caused me to reach new heights in tension and nervousness.  Hoping to somehow diffuse the situation I began to talk.

        "Now, Ryoko, I didn't mean to take your dress.  I was only going to wear it until I could get something that fit me better.  You know my old close don't fit me anymore," I said as I laughed nervously, "I was going to give it back as soon as I got something else."

        Ryoko's response was, "I don't care."  So said, she brought her blade away from mine and began swinging again.

*     *     *     *

        Watching the fight in fascination the observers were yet again astounded by the Rose's formation of an energy blade.  They watched as Ryoko began attacking Rose again, swords clashed and both moved apart again.  Surprise quickly turned to fear, when they realized that although Rose could duplicate Ryoko's attacks, she did not have the experience to fight with them.  Tenchi turned to Washu, hoping to get some help from her to diffuse the fight, only to see her typing on her keyboard.

        "Washu-chan, Ryoko's really going all out on Rose....won't you do something to help her."

        "Come now Tenchi, their only playing.  Look at her."

        When Tenchi looked back at the fighting girls, he saw that Rose was managing to block most of Ryoko's blows.  She wasn't fighting back and was continually on the defensive.  The closer he looked the more it looked that Rose was trying to talk with her opponent.   Ryoko seemed to want nothing to do with that however.  If anything she renewed her attacks with an even greater force.

        "Washu-chan I really don't think that they're playing.  Someone is going to get hurt."

        "Don't be such a worrywart, I made sure that Rose could take care of herself.  It will be fine."

        Tenchi watched in disbelief as Washu went back to her typing.  Sighing he went back to watching the fight.  He hoped it would stop soon because he didn't want either the two of them, or the surrounding shrine grounds to get hurt.

*     *     *     *

        For some reason it became easier and easier to block Ryoko's blows.  Nothing fancy, but effective enough to keep me alive.  This was a bit too much for me to be taking in all at once, and I was having trouble keeping my mind on the fight.  In everyday life people did not just suddenly gain super-powers and have fights with super-powered beings.  That was for the comic books, I read them, I should know.  This couldn't be happening, I didn't want this to happen.  If....no WHEN....I got home, I didn't want stuff like this to complicate my life.

        I was getting angry now.  Why did this stuff happen to me?  I didn't ask for it, I didn't want it, and I certainly didn't want to keep it.  Thoughts like this kept running in circles in my head, and those feelings were beginning to reflect in my fighting.  I was tired of fighting the madwoman before me.  I wanted it to end, and end now.  I didn't feel like waiting for the situation to diffuse itself.....I was going to finish it now.

        With that in mind I decided to switch to the offensive.  Ryoko's expression was, to say the least, slightly surprised when I suddenly swung at her.  Now I was beginning, in some sick way, to have fun.  My fighting skills were nowhere near the person I was fighting, but I was doing my best to annoy the hell out of her....and succeeding it looked like.

        "Kill the bakemono Rose-san.  That way I'll have Tenchi-sama all to myself."

        Hearing this the fighting seemed to freeze.  Both my fighting partner and I looked over to the group watching by the stairs.  This statement had been met with a main reaction of disbelief.  I had trouble believing that someone would tell me to kill someone, just so they could have some guy all to themselves.

        When Ayeka realized how much attention she was getting from her outburst she brought her sleeve covered hand up to her mouth and began laughing.  This caused me to feel a bit of embarrassment, and I noticed several others begin to sweat nervously. 

        "Ohohohohohohohoho, just a joke.  Please, stop fighting and come down so we can finish breakfast."

        Rolling my eyes I turned to Ryoko and asked, "Is she always like this?"

        "No.....she's usually worse."

        "Just checking," I answered, "Shall we continue fighting or do you want to go eat?"

        Sighing Ryoko said, "I really want to eat....but, you did steal my clothes."

        "Well, Washu was the one who gave them too me.  If I had my choice I would have asked you, but I wanted to go to the breakfast table in something other than what I had slept in."

        "Washu gave you my clothes?" She asked incredulously.

        "Yeah, she just reached into some sub-space pocket, at least that's what I think she called it, and pulled it out."

        "Hmmm....sounds like I should pound her too," Ryoko replied as she turned towards me.

        "Too.....?  Uh ho."

        Not bothering with a sword this time, Ryoko let loose with a punch that slammed me against the trunk of a tree.  I never truly knew what seeing stars meant until that moment, I had never really understood what they had meant before, but now I was getting a really good picture.

        "What you do that for?" I said as I rubbed my head where it had connected with the tree.  

        "Well, you are wearing _my_ dress."

        "Are you two done yet? I'm getting hungry and I really should get more information about Rose-chan so we can work on getting her home.  You two can play later!!!"

        I looked over to Washu and sighed, her last remark had me wondering about the sanity of the scientist.  I just wanted to go back to the house, get back into bed, and pretend none of this ever happened.  Not wanting a reappearance of any insanely large guns I shouted, "Coming," and raced towards where she was standing.  

        "Hey," Ryoko said as I was flying away.  Then she shrugged and sighed apparently deciding to leave things as they were for the moment.

*     *     *     *

        Breakfast take two, I thought.  This time everyone was quietly sitting at the table eating....well if you decided to ignore Ayeka and Ryoko's bickering.  Looking over at Tenchi I couldn't help but feel sorry for him.  He never seemed to get away from those two.  Tenchi seemed like a nice guy, but for the life of me I couldn't see what made him so appealing to them.

        When the meal was finished I started walking back towards my room, Ryoko close at my heels.  It appeared she wanted to talk to me about something, when suddenly a voice cut her off, "Now don't go anywhere you too!!!  I need to get more information about Rose-chan's new powers and I'll need you to come too Ryoko.  I'll need a basis for my analysis."

        A gesture from behind Washu caught my attention.  Nobiyuki and Tenchi were waving at me furiously, apparently in an attempt to tell me to get away as quickly as possible.  I only had a few seconds to wonder why, when suddenly I felt someone grab me.  Turning to look I saw it was Ryoko, who in turn said, "No time to explain."

        Then we disappeared.




End Part 3
