Tenchi and all the related characters belong to Pioneer.  this isn't going to
make me any money so please don't sue.

Why Me?
Part 4

by Rose

     Sighing Washu turned away from the space where Ryoko and Rose had just
occupied.  Perhaps she could catch Rose at another time, preferably when she
was alone so that no one could interfere.  At this rate nothing was going to
get done to help the girl get back where she wanted to go.  Not that Washu was
anxious to see her go.  It had been quiet lately, nothing had been able to
challenge her super genius mind.  Rose's dilemma, and her own inability to
come up with an instant answer was definitely a welcome, if somewhat annoying
diversion.  Besides now Ryoko had a sister, which was after all, part of what
she had planned all along.  Well there was nothing to do now but wait until
they got back.

     With that Washu decided that the best was to occupy her time until the
two came back would be to go over all the data she already had to yet again
try to determine what had brought Rose here in the first place.  Then again
maybe she should go over the readings from the fight this morning....after all
her second daughter was exhibiting more Ryoko-like qualities, it would be
interesting to see exactly how far it would go.

*    *    *

    Just as suddenly as I had disappeared I reappeared.  Blinking slightly at
my new surroundings I saw a mostly brown interior with some purplish
highlights.  There seemed to be a big floating screen in the middle of the
room, along with walls alternating in color from white to black.  A lone chair
sat in the middle on the room, which Ryoko immediately went to sit in.

    "What did you do?  And where are we?"

    "It's a little thing called teleportation and since you've been copying my
powers you could probably do it too," she said offhandedly.

     Then with a little more pride in her voice, "As to where we are....we are
on Ryo-Ohki."

     Instantly a picture of the small cat-like creature popped into my mind.
How I knew that creature's name I had no idea, but why would someone name a
place after their pet?

     "You named this place after that small creature that's always with
Sasami," I asked with a puzzled expression.

     Ryoko raised her eyebrows and said, "Nope, this IS Ryo-Ohki.  Here take a
look outside."

     As she said the words I noticed the black parts in the walls were
actually several breaks where I could see outside.  Moving closer I saw that
the view was filled with black space and stars.  Gulping loudly with my eyes
glued to the endless space beyond the window, I nervously asked,
"Ne....Ryoko...umm...exa...exactly where are we?"

     "Oh, you're looking out the side," she replied.

     As Ryoko moved towards me her face acquired a secret smile.  This, to me,
was a little unsettling.  I did not want to repeat any of the fight that we
had earlier.  Much to my relief all she did was lead me to a window on the
other side of  the room.

     "This should clear up exactly where you are."

     With great trepidation, because there was a part of me that didn't want
to confirm that this was happening, I looked out the window.  And there below
me was a very beautiful, very picturesque, breathtaking view of the Earth.  To
say this was slightly shocking would be the understatement of the year.  My
eyes widened and I backed up until I was at the center of the room.  My mind
was racing with thoughts like:  how could I be in space?  and why am I here?

     Then slowly I began to relax.  The walls hadn't imploded, there were no
telltale rattles,  the structure I was in seemed to be stable enough that I
wouldn't be introduced to hard vacuum anytime soon.  Unless of course, I
managed to anger Ryoko in anyway....   With that thought I turned to the one
who had transported me here and saw that she had a wide smile on her face.
Why did I get the feeling she enjoyed shocking me?

     "This is amazing, how did you come across technology like this?  I didn't
know this universe was so advanced."  As I said this I realized I had been
supremely stupid.  Why hadn't I asked these questions earlier?  I mean...some
girl tells me she had intended to make a clone but wound up with me
instead....where on my world did that ever happen.   This was something I'd
have to ask about when we got back to the house....if I ever got back to the
house.

     In response Ryoko said, "Oh....Washu created her a long time ago."

     "Washu again?  How can some one so young create something like this?  And
why do you call it 'her'?"

     Ryoko blinked, "Washu young........hmmm...well I suppose 20,000 isn't
that old, I am 5,000 after all and there are some who are older...but it's
just natural I guess."

     My eyes nearly bugged out of my head when I heard those ages.  They
couldn't possibly be that old.  I decided to file that bit of information for
later.  Although by now I would have thought my ability to be shocked would
have gone on vacation.

    "Speaking of Washu," I said as I covered my eyes," why exactly did you
teleport us away when she was just trying to be helpful?"

    "Well I suppose I wouldn't wish Washu on Nagi.....well then again....but
anyway....let's just say it's better to avoid her and all her experimenting.
Becoming her gineau pig is something to be avoided at all costs, everyone will
tell you.   Besides....I didn't want to get tangled up with her
experimentation on you....which would probably have been all to likely."

    "So exactly when will we get back then?"  I asked hesitantly.

    "We'll just wait up here until dinner time and then go back down.
Hopefully the food might distract her enough...and maybe enough time will have
gone by for her to become interested in something else."

    The way Ryoko had said that she hadn't sounded too hopeful.  As of now,
though, I didn't want to spend anymore time up here, the endless space was
making me extremely nervous.  "And exactly how will we know when dinner is?"

    "Ryo-Ohki will tell us."

    "Oh," I replied.  Well now that was intelligent, I thought as I settled
down to wait.  Maybe this might be a good time for a nap, after all I did feel
a little tired from all the fighting this morning.

*     *     *
     
     I awoke to the feeling of something nudging me.  I turned away from it
hoping it would go away, I had been having such a nice dream, but there was no
such luck.  When my eyes finally did open it was to see 3 or 4 crystals
floating in the air.  All of which had Ryo-Ohki's cute little cat-like face.
At first this didn't register, then I sat bolt upright, and yelled, "Ryoko,
what are these?"

    She turned her floating seat around to look at me, oh they're just Ryo-
Ohki fragments.  I asked her to wake you up."

     "Ryo-Ohki fragments?"

     "Well, she can't all be here, she is after all the ship."

     "The ship?"

     "Oh that's right...didn't you ask before what Ryo-Ohki was?" said Ryoko
with a mischievous smile.


*     *     *     *      *

	I slowly backed away from the crystal.  It seemed lately I was trying to get
away from the reality I was living, and I know I should try to get myself more
together.  However, I was not used to flying women with energy swords who had
a spaceship, a certain galactic genius, or the fact that I had gained some new
abilities.  The crystal with the, admittedly very kawaii, cat face followed me
until my back touched a wall, and then began "Miyah"-ing in earnest.

	"Well, say hello to Ryo-Ohki already.  You fell asleep before we could talk
about anything interesting.  So I couldn't introduce the two of you.  Besides,
you never said much to her at the house."

	I smiled nervously in Ryoko's direction and shakily replied, "Hajimemashite
yoroshuku, Ryo-Ohki-chan."

	This seemed to satisfy the creature and the sounds it made took on a more
happy tone.  It backed away and began talking excitedly to the cyan-haired
girl across the room.  Ryoko's expression became a happy one and she turned to
me, "Well looks like dinner will be served soon.  Time for us to get going."

	"Ummm...Ryoko....wasn't Ryo-Ohki just a little bit smaller," I said while
holding my hand up, thumb and forefinger held apart.

	"Oh yeah, but she's also my ship.  Ryo-Ohki is able to shapeshift into this,"
she replied gesturing to the surrounding structure.

	"Oh," I said intelligently.  I decided to keep my mouth shut for a bit, I was
getting really tired of having things like this sprung on me.

	"Miyah, Miyah," said the crystal behind her.

	Ryoko's head suddenly dropped and her voice took on a disgusted tone, "Yes,
I'm sure Sasami has carrots waiting for you."

	As Ryoko went back to her chair to direct the ship home I gathered my courage
and walked to one of the windows.  Slowly I moved up to the huge seamless
glass, and wondered why the y didn't shatter right then and there.  But as I
looked past it's fragile appearance I saw the Earth seem to zoom towards us.
It was a breathtakingly beautiful sight.  The blue oceans, green and brown
land, white clouds, and it's star scattered black backdrop.  I wondered if
perhaps there was another world like it, and if there was could this ship
possibly get there?  My sense of adventure immediately kicked in...to explore
this world and others like it would be exciting.  Perhaps I could do a little
traveling until I could go home.

	My thoughts stopped then.  How could I want to go exploring.  I wanted to
home...didn't I.  That was what I had been screaming to Washu earlier.

	As we entered the atmosphere and rushed over the oceans I placed my hands on
the glass in front of me, marveling at the swiftness of the flight.  Oh, if
only I could do this.....

	Wait....I can...I can fly, how fast or far I don't know, but I can fly.
Something I had always wished I could do, just not under these circumstances.
Hold that thought...when I get home I want to be normal...best to not get to
comfortable with whatever powers I have.

	The house came into view and Ryo-Ohki stopped above the shore of a
neighboring lake.  When no move was made to land I began looking for a
door...perhaps we were to fly down?  A quick glance gave no clue to a portal
of any kind.

	Suddenly a hand came down on my shoulder causing me to jump.  

	"Why so jumpy?," Ryoko smirked, "Ready to go?"

	I must have tuned out everything while I was looking outside.  Oh well, I
sighed.

	"I guess," I said, "but how do we get out?"

	"Concentrate and think of yourself as being in the dining room," was her
reply.

	Puzzled I asked," Can't we just land and use a door, or even fly out of here?
I'm not that good at it yet but I think I can get to the ground."

	"This is easier....trust me," she said with a smile.

	I returned the smile nervously.  The way she smiled unnerved me, it was like
she was mocking me.  OH, so she was probably was, but what did she know that I
didn't?  Hmmm....let's not answer that.
Sighing again I did as Ryoko said.

*     *     *     *

	"Hmm, that went well I think, don't you Ryo-Ohki?,"  Ryoko said as Rose
disappeared.

	"Miyah?"

	"I admit I don't exactly like what Washu has done...but maybe with her around
the odds will tip in my favor."

	"Miyah??"

	"Well with her around to help me keep Hime-chan away from Tenchi, I'm sure to
gain his love.  This could be a good thing after all!!!," Ryoko said with a
gleam in her eye.  "Now all I have to do is get her to use her powers more.
If stupid Ayeka gets the better of her I might lose my back-up."

	"....."

	"Now to get dinner, I'm starving.  Let's go Ryo-Ohki," Ryoko said as she
faded from sight.

*     *     *     *

	I closed my eyes in concentration and waited. What exactly was it that Ryoko
wanted me to accomplish?  She said it would be faster, but I don't notice
anything different.  Maybe if I ask again I'll get a straight answer...or
maybe not....she seems to like being cryptic.

	"Ne...Ryoko...what exactly is this supposed to accomplish?"

	Silence.

	"Ryoko....?"

	More silence.

	I open one eye in an effort to try to locate the elusive woman in question
only to be greeted with the site of the Masaki household sitting at the dinner
table, and staring at my sudden entrance.

	"Uhhh...I'm guessing Ryoko isn't here," I stated.  The looks I was receiving
weren't exactly making me feel comfortable.  To try to change this I figured
maybe a dose of normalcy would work.

	"So...what did you make for dinner Sasami-chan, it smells really good?"

	As Sasami was beginning to explain her current culinary wonder I felt a
presence behind me, followed by a hand coming down on my shoulder.

	Not having expected this I jumped and whirled around gasping loudly.  When I
finally focused on who it was that had surprised me so my expression became
more than a little annoyed.  Standing before me was Ryoko with a knowing smirk
on her face.

	"So...what did I tell you?  Faster, ne?"

	Disgruntled, I looked at the cyan-haired figure and asked, "Why do you keep
doing that?"

	Ryoko just shrugged and walked to the table. Washu stood up and began walking
in circles around me saying, "Amazing, just how I wanted it to turn out," over
and over again.

	Sighing I decided to ignore the red-haired galactic genius for the moment.  I
was hungry and didn't want to hear how well her invention was turning out.  In
fact I preferred not to think of her invention at all.

	As I sat down I saw Ayeka glaring at Ryoko.  Did these tow ever stop
fighting, I thought shaking my head.  Looking to the right I saw Ryo-Ohki had
taken a place near Sasami and a basket of carrots.  Sasami was chattering
excitedly to Tenchi about how great it was to have another sister and some one
to talk to.  Tenchi seemed interested in this and smiled and nodded in all the
right places.  At the opposite end of the table Tenchi's father and
grandfather were busy eating and not paying attention to their surroundings.
And Washu...well Washu was eating and trying to type on her holographic
keyboard at the same time.

	Blinking at how normally everyone was taking this...as opposed to making a
big scene about it, I suppose.  Normal seemed to have a different definition
here.  I shrugged and thought, if I don't say anything, then they won't say
anything, and I'll be safe.  Explanations for this kind of thing weren't my
specialty.

	As I began to relax I started to eat my dinner....only to almost choke when
Washu suddenly asked me a question.

	"So Rose-chan, when did you discover your ability to teleport?"

	When I could finally breath again I turned to Washu, who was regarding me
with more than a mild interest, and said, "That was the first time...excluding
of course, how I got here in the first place."

	"Hmm...well it seems that you are becoming more and more similar to Ryoko in
respect of your powers.  This will give me something more to study tonight.
With you gone all day I couldn't get much work done...however I was going over
what you had told me about your trip here and I believe I'm close to figuring
out what brought you here," she finished with a brilliant smile.
	
	Hearing this I returned her happy expression, and for the first time since my
arrival I felt real hope.  It seemed now that I was one step closer to finding
my way home.  Tears came to my eyes at the thought and I wiped them on my
sleeve.

	Suddenly I realized, as I looked at my arm, I needed to get some new clothes.
There was no way I could live on Ryoko's wardrobe, this morning's events were
something I didn't want to repeat in the near future.  Turning to Tenchi's
father I asked, "Masaki-san...I just realized that I have no clothes that fit
well.  Would it be possible for me to borrow a small amount of money?"

	I looked down embarrassed , staring at my knees, knowing that I had no idea
how I would repay them.  Hell, I didn't even know if he would say yes.

	Fortunately, I was spared the agony of waiting for the answer.

	"Oh, don't worry about that.  It's already taken care of," Washu stated

	I stared at her dumbly.  How was this possible, I had told her before that I
didn't want to wear Ryoko's clothes.

	Seeing my blank look Washu explained, "Well while you were away Ayeka,
Sasami, and I spent a little time at the shopping center and got you a few
things.  You'll find them in your room when you go up."

	Amazed that they had done this for me, my mouth hung open in shock.  This, in
turn, left time for Ryoko to put in her two cents.

	"You went shopping without me?  No fair!!  I wanted to get a new bathing
suit."

	"It's your own fault, bakemono.  You were away when we went.  If you had
stayed here instead of running away with Rose-san, and avoiding your chores,
you could have comes."

	Through this speech Ryoko's face had become an interesting shade of red.  Her
response was to say, "And you wouldn't have done the same thing, Hime-chan?  I
guess your IQ must have slipped down a few notches...not that it could've gone
much farther down in the first place."

	Now it was Ayeka's turn to look steamed.   The looks they were giving each
other had me wondering how they could still be alive.  I watched the exchange
and the insults soon turned into shouts and veiled threats.

	Washu turned to me and said, "Tomorrow we'll have to have a thorough
examination...and I'd finish eating now if I were you.  Otherwise you won't
get to eat."

	Puzzled I looked around and saw everybody but Sasami and Tenchi's grandfather
eating at almost superhuman speeds.  I finished quickly and just as I put my
utensils down Ryoko's foot impacted on the tope of the table, sparks forming
around her hands.  Ayeka had also risen and looked ready to tackle any attack
her rival could throw at her.

	Tenchi, I noticed, was waving his hands wildly and begging them to take it
outside.  I turned to Washu and asked, "Are they always like this?"

	She paused from eating and replied, "No...they're usually worse."

	Right....oh well.  This looked like it could get violent so I got up and
slowly walked up to the steaming Ryoko and Ayeka.

	"Umm...excuse me...but..."

	"Oh good...you're here Rose.  Now you can help me take care of this annoying
baka in front of me."

	"Uhh...Ryoko...," I stuttered.

	"Who's calling who a baka, bakemono.  After all I was nice enough to help
Rose-san get some clothes, while you on the other hand, kidnapped her.  She's
here to help me teach you a lesson."

	I hung my head, embarrassed that hate hadn't listened to me.  Hoping to find
some support I noticed that Washu was walking away towards the staircase,
Tenchi seemed to be praying, his father and grandfather seemed to have
disappeared, and Sasami was happily playing with Ryo-Ohki.

	Seeing that no one was paying attention to the fight I said, "Uhhh...guys,
could you calm down a little?"

	There was a pause in the bickering, and both girls turned to me with
accusatory eyes.

	"You mean you don't want to help me teach this abomination a lesson?" Ayeka
said.

	"And you don't want to help me beat this high and mighty twit's ass?" Ryoko
asked incredulously.

	My mind suddenly began screaming, "Find door and go out now!!"  I inched
backwards and noticed how they followed.

	"Well, ok, I get the hind.  You two fight, I'll do something
constructive...like hide.  See ya!!"

	With that I raced out of the house in search of someplace to hide.  When I
looked back they were following me and I raced faster to the shrine, trees
blurring as I hurried on.  At the tope of the stairs I looked back and noticed
they were nowhere to be seen.  Relieved I decided not to push my luck,
practiced my newly found teleportation ability, and soon found myself in my
room.  Free to examine my new clothing without fear of immediate destruction.

*     *     *     *

	Meanwhile....back at the shrine....

	"Where did that little brat go?  She was right ahead of us," stated a
confused Ryoko, while she scanned the area for a non-existent Rose.

	"Well, well, Ryoko-san...look who is dropping IQ points now.
OHOHOHOHOHOH!!!!!"

*     *     *     *

	Later that night the battle weary fighters returned to the house a bit more
singed than when they left.  Each plotting their respective revenge, but too
tired to implement any plans.

	Returning to their room they saw a sleeping Rose.  Their glares would have
turned any who looked at them to stone.  They had spent all that time fighting
when Rose was home safely tucked away in bed.

	Thoughts of rage entered both girls' heads but, after all, tomorrow was
another day....and it also gave more time to plan....

*     *     *    *

	In the wee hours of the morning Washu was in her lab going over her data.
The computer readings when Rose had arrived were most interesting.  She
decided to do a scan of the house to see if there was any residual energy.

	Looking at her screen as the data scrolled up her eyes widened and she
shouted, "Yes!!!  I found it!!!  I am the greatest scientist in the universe!"



	

