I don't own any of these characters. Please don't sue me. I'm poor.


Why don't you love me?
By, Clayton Overstreet

Prologue

  Tenchi woke up early Saturnday morning to find Ryoko floating above his
bed. At first he was scared, but then noticed that she was fast asleep. He
slowly slipped out of bed and headed towards the bathroom. He was almost
out the door when he heard one of the boards under his feet creak. Ryoko
woke up and lookedd down at the bed. "Tenchi?" With a panicked expression
on her face she quickly scanned the room. When she finaly saw Tenchi her
eyes lit up and she flew at him, wrapping her arms around his waist. "Good
morning Tenchi. Trying to leave without me?"
  Tenchi's face turned red as he felt Ryoko rub against him. Without any
thought he suddenly dropped between her arms and took off running for the
bathroom. Ryoko watched him go and sighed sadly. Why did he always run
from her? A tear trickled down her cheek. At that momment she came to a
discision. Turning back to Tenchi's room she picked up a pen and paper.

Part 1

  "What do you mean 'She's gone'?"Washu asked. Tenchi waved the note, "I
mean she'd gone. See for yourself. Wawshu took the paper from his hand and
began reading it, "Tenchi, I now realize that no matter what you do I will 
not
win your heart. These new feelings I have from Zero make that too painful to
bear so I will now leave you. Be happy with Ayeaka or whomever else you
feel you can love. I will not see you again. Always, Ryoko." Washu turned to
Tenchi, "This is serious. I can't even establish a link with her." Tenchi 
held up
the red gem he had found with the note.
  Washu nodded in inderstanding, "So what exactly did you do that would
make her run away?" Tenchi looked down in shame, "I ran away from her like
I always do." Washu shook her head sadly, "Can you blame her. I know you
think she says she loves you just to mess with Ayeaka, but she realy does
Tenchi."
  Tenchi smirked, "Well there you are wrong Washu. I know she loves me.
That's why I get so scared. Because I..." He stopped and bit his lip. Washu
frowned and hit him on the head, "Just say it!" Tenchi rubbed his head and
looked at her angrily. "Fine! I love her alright! I love Ryoko. Now stop 
hitting
me." Washu smiled and turned to her computer. "Now I suppose you want me
to help you find her?" Tenchi nodded sheepishly.
  Washu pressed some buttons on her computer. "It seems she took Ryo-oki
and entered hyperspace just past the moon. It could take me a while to find 
her
Tenchi. Why don't you go back to your room or something and wait." Tenchi
looked at her with hurt eyes. "You mean all I can do is wait?" Washu nodded
and smiled, "Unless you can get me some help." Tenchi shook his head. He
had now idea how to help Washu.
  Tears in his eyes Tenchi turned to leave the lab. He passed the other 
girls
who were sitting on the couch watching soap opera's. Ayeaka turned and saw
him walk up the stairs, dropping the letter as he went. He looked down at 
her
briefly with tears in his eyes. Then turned and ran up the stairs. Ayeaka 
started
after him but stopped when she heard paper krinckle under her foot. She
picked up the letter and read it slowly. Bitting her lip Ayeaka turned back 
to
the couch and sat down.
  "Ayeaka, why are you crying?" Sasami and Mihoshi asked. Ayeaka handed
the note to Sasami. Sasami read it and nodded. "What now Ayeaka?" Ayeaka
turned to her sister curiously. What now? She hadn't planned for this. All
Ayeaka's plans had centered around her getting married to Tenchi and ruling
the universe. "I don't know Sasami. What do you two suggest?" She said
looking at Sasami and Mihoshi, who had just finished the letter. Mihoshi 
looked
up, "I think we should help him." Sasami nodded in agreement.

  Tenchi walked to the cave. He hadn't been here since he had released
Ryoko. He walked down the long tunnel, the sword gripped in his hand. He
stopped infront of the place where he had taken the sword. There was the
rock that opened Ryoko's prison, the dried vine still wrapped around it. He
kicked it and it fell apart. The stones before him opened up. Walking 
forward
he sat down and slid into Ryoko's prison.
  He walked over to the edge of the pool and looked down. He remembered
when he had found her hear, a mummy. She had tried to kiss him and he had
run away. He never stopped running. Tenchi bent over the pool, his tears
dripping into it.
  Suddenly there was a crash and moan behind him. He turned around and saw
Ayeaka lying there. Wiping his tears away he leaned forward and helped her
up. "Are you alright Ayeaka?" She looked up at him and tried to smile, but
couldn't do it. "I wanted to talk to you Tenchi." He sat down and looked at
her, "What about Ayeaka?" Ayeaka rubbed his cheek, "I know you chose
Ryoko Tenchi." Tenchi bit his lip. "I'm sorry Ayeaka." She nodded. "I didn't
come for an appology Tenchi. I came to tell you that we are all behind you. 
If
you want the entire Jurai millitary under my command will help you search 
for
her. Mihoshi had promised to put out an A.P.B. for Ryoko, and Sasami said
she would see what Tsunami can do." Tenchi smiled and hugged her, "Thank
you Ayeaka." She nodded and hugged back.

  Part 2

  Washu called Tenchi into the lab. "Did you find her?" Washu shook her 
head.
"No, but I may know a way to find her." It had been a month since Ryoko had
left and Tenchi was getting desperate. "Anything Washu. Please, just tell me
what to do." Washu smiled and pointed at the sword in his hand. "Give Ryoko
her gems back and I'll be able to trace her energy signature. She may resist 
at
first and send them back, but even momentary contact should be enough to
trace her."
  Tenchi nodded and stared at the gems in the sword. One by one they
vanshed. Suddenly Washu screamed and grabbed her head. "Washu, what's
wrong. What happened?" Washu shook her head and shivered. "She's dieing
Tenchi. She hasn't eaten because it kept reminding her of Sasami and then 
you.
She hasn't slept because she kept dreaming of you. She hasn't even had
anything to drink. Without water she can't heal. We have to get to her NOW!"
  Tenchi nodded, "Where is she Washu?" Washu typed up her scanning
program. "She's hiding behind Pluto." They ran out of the lab and into the
livingroom. "Mihoshi, we need your ship." Tenchi said. Mihoshi smiled
pleasantly and nodded, "Ok Tenchi." Picking up the cube in her hand she
twisted it sliglty to the left and they found themselves on the Yukanojo. 
"Where
to Tenchi?" Washu gave Mihoshi the coordinants.
  They arrived an hour later. Ryo-oki was floating right there and Mihoshi
teleported them aboard. When they arrived they saw Ryoko laying on the deck
uncosious. She was dehydrated, and looked like the mummy Tenchi had first
seen her as. He ran to her side and lifted her head up. "Ryoko? Ryoko are 
you
awake?" Ryoko simply lay there in his arms. "Tenchi, I can't hear her any
more." Washu whispered.
  Tenchi leaned over Ryoko and tears fell onto her. One landed in her mouth.
Ryoko stirred in his arms and opened her eyes. Tenchi smiled down at her and
held her close. "Tenchi? Is... is it realy you." Tenchi nodded, "Yes Ryoko. 
It's
me." Ryoko let her dried and cracked hand run alng his cheek. "Why did you
come after me?" Tenchi looked into her eyes, stiill crying, "Because I love 
you
Ryoko. I'm sorry i never told you. Please forgive me." Ryoko weakly shook
her head, "I never blaimed you Tenchi." She leaned forward to give him a 
kiss
and for once he did not back away. Tenchi leaned into her and kissed her dry
lips. He closed his eyes and felt something change in Ryoko.
  Ryoko's lips softened under him, her skin returning to normal underneith 
his
touch. When they finaly broke apart Tenchi saw that Ryoko was back to
normal. He smiled and hugged her to him feeling her arms holding him close.

The End

Author's note

  Well i'm sorry. I didn't write this very well I'm afraid. I would love it 
if
someone could please fix this. I just couldn't write it right I'm afraid. I 
was in
a hurry and I don't think I have managed my usual flair. Please forgive me.
If you want to say anything my email address is clayton_n@hotmail.com
