

Why I Love You.
E-mail@: MrsHankey@hotmail.com
By: Amber “Devil caller” Stilton

        My hair clung to my back and neck as I soaked in the pool known as
the
bathing pond.
I was soothed, but not emothinally. People think of me as cold, but when it
comes to my
Tenchi...sigh, how I love him. And it’s not just infatuation! It’s
something, deep inside,
something that feels good when I meet him, yet makes me unsure and giddy
and, oh! The first
sip of sake touches my lips. Good taste tonight...I just wish that I could
share it with Tenchi. I
tried drinking this odd blue out of my head by drinking a while back,
eating, and even, going on
the Internet on Nabyuki’s computer and found some interesting lemons. I
grined, then laughed
at the ridiculousness. Mihoshi and Tenchi? Puh-leeze! Any ways, they were
funny for a few
minutes...but then, Tenchi’s beauty and inspiration came to me. So, I got
out the water proof
laptop from Washuu’s lab, and started typing this. It’s just a nice story
talking about my feelings.
I read in a weird Earth Book that Tenchi reads, that it’s good to write
stories or poems about
your feelings. This is mine. Some ask me, “Why do I love Tenchi?” Well, I
don’t quite know.
After the first night of knowing him, some where in my mind and heart,
something said “Be with
him, go with him, and help him, for he is for you..” As if Destiny-Chan
wanted to speak to me
right then me this weird message. I thought it was insane, me falling for a
Earthling boy, but then
I saw him smile...it was  and tell like a wave of stupidity hit me, though
I’m charming and
talented and good at holding my cool, I stumbled a bit. I don’t know, I just
go all ooshy gooshy!
I remember as a kid, sitting in Washu’s lab and chasing the fish in the
ponds, watching the mass
form and split, and munching on little jelly treats that spewed fourth a
gooey sweet mixture of
goodness. Washu was watch and laugh as she typed on her holo-lap top and
sing sweet
melodies to me when I would’nt take my nap. I’d fall asleep by the creek in
her lab, as grass
swayed against my little nose and brow. I remember Nagi, and her mom coming
and visiting.
She was small like me with long purple hair. She looked more like Aeyak back
then then she
does now. She would wake me up gentley and eat jelly treats with me. We’d
try to catch fish
with a little net on a handle and laugh at how the fish got out of our
hands. Nagi’s mom, Maril
would laugh and talk to Washu, as Washu served tea in a tea ceremony much
like Earth’s.
Every thing seemed so perfect....no boy named Tenchi, no man named Kagato,
nothing spooky
or frightening. Until.....when I was very young still and I saw an image
through a pond of many
planets in the middle of Washu’s lab. The second to last pond titled “Jurai”
had a young man,
tall and brave looking, was sitting on a rock, breathing in rest, after some
sort of excersize.
“That’s our king, little Ryoko” Washu smiled down at me. I looked back at
the pond. He did’nt
seem rough enough to be a king. “But....how?”
“One day, you will have to take flight in the sky and fight a battle with
him at your side.”
“I can fly?”
“Yes you can. You were born to be the second leader of the Jurai royal
battle ships.”
“I’m not a space ship....”
“Yes you are, your that and much more---”
“BUT I’M NOT A SPACE SHIP!!!!!” I ran and ran until I fell in one of those
little circles of
water. Washu screamed and reached in after me. I kept falling until I hit
the ground. There, I
saw lots of trees, too many for it to be my planet, and lots of green green
grass. I got up, my
dress was scratched and dirty, and there in front of me, was a little boy
that looked alot like
Tenchi. Except he had red hair. He looked at me with such innocents. His
dark brown eyes
swirling pools of love and joy. I smiled at him, but then I was picked up by
the back of my color
by Washu out of mid air. I waved at the boy and he waved back, as me and
Washu flew
through the air back out of the pool.

Part II: The appearance of Tenchi.

        I used to run through the garden of Jurai ships, while they were in
tree
form. I’d run and
run and jump from island to island, looking for another one of my kind, that
had a face like that
boy. But it was all a lie, bleeding in my soul. This boy, I felt I’d never
see him again. Washu was
in the Science Academy, and I was left in Jurai’s care. Most of the people
there thought of me
as a nusiance, because I got into regular trouble. I sat under the leafy
shade of Tsunami’s tree. I
began crying. I was almost an adult, but people saw me as an annoying little
kid. Tsunami came
out of the tree and hugged onto me. I shivered at another Jurai space ship’s
touch. She was like
a long lost sister. I leaned into her hug and smiled, glaring up at the
light through the many trees.
“I am but a second mother, Ryoko, you can come to me when ever Washu is no
where to be
found...” I smiled up at her. She looked so beautiful, something like the
mother I wanted if
Washu died, or never came back. She just held onto me, and let me load all
my problems on
her ears, she barely ever talked, but when she did, she was enthusiastic and
full of empathy. I
don’t know to this day if she has disowned me because of my
actions....probably not, knowing
her. But still.......I’m afraid to ask. I finally broke free of Jurai’s iron
grasp. I made a few
hundred of their best fleet go against them, and with my own power, shot out
a whole frontal
attack. I don’t know how many died, or if any one died at all, but I did’nt
care. I was free. All
of Jurai’s best ships were shot down by cannons and such, and I had to
escape by bringing out
my own little sprite. I threw an orb up in the air, and it formed a large
ship. Another of Jurai’s
best scientists’ (Washu) creations. “Ryo-ohki! Take me to Washu!” I jumped
up in the ship and
took the main hold. I flew with all my might to the planet where Ryo-Ohki
sensed my mother,
Washu’s power. Too bad, that Washu decided to take a trip to Earth to get
samples. I was
followed closely by the elusive fighter, Yosho. Then I was tagged, he pulled
me out of my ship
and told me to fight him face to face. I nodded and fought him the best I
could, until, Izaka and
Kamadake got a hold of me with their barrier. I was slung back in the
moutains, and silenced
for a long time. I did’nt know what to do. I could see Yosho staying there
and building a shrine
around where I landed. I growled, thrashed and shook violently. I could’nt
move. I was now
immobilized, thanks to what he did. He had put me in Jurai Ship commision. I
thought he was
the dirtiest thing alive. Then, as he was done building the shrine, I saw
what he looked like in the
face. He looked alot like the boy! Oh well. I did’nt think I’d get out this
place...alive.
        Then, I saw him...a while later, seemed like thousands of years,
came a
small boy and
his mother. The mother held onto him, as he giggled and cooed in his cloth
blanket. This was
Tenchi. I heard his name from his mother, Achika. He was such an adorable
boy. Dark brown
hair and chocolate brown eyes with gorgeous eye lashes. He cooed and
giggled, until...he saw
my cave. He cried. I cried, silently, but that’s all I did. Why me? Was I
such a monster? I silently sang a
bit of that old song....that song, that Washu would sing....and though he
probably did’nt hear
me...I felt hope. He seemed, so gorgeous. And now, he was smiling. His eyes,
lit up with love! I
felt blessed. I sang some more, hoping he’d give me another smile. And he
did. I cried in joy.
Love at first sight. Sometimes I strive so hard to get that same smile, it
hurts....does any one
understand? Probably not. I am love stricken!

The end....?