Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses 

"Epilogue"


	It was a beautiful day on the planet of Jurai. The sun was shining and the 
sky was blue. It had been two days since the end of the war. The fleet belonging 
to the now disbanded Juraian Liberation Force had destroyed every demon tree 
ship in the system. The JLF had suffered its own share of losses, but not enough 
to call the battle unsuccessful. Much of Jurai was still suffering from the 
affects of Tokimi's negative power, but with the help of the People of the Gem 
the Juraians were well on their way to healing their home planet. Yes, the war 
was over. The forces of light had succeeded once again in turning back the 
darkness.

	So it was that the sun was shining down brightly on the rebuilt royal 
gardens behind the Imperial Palace. The gardens themselves were packed with 
thousands of people who had come to witness the coronation of their new Empress. 
After Ziasha and Tokimi had been defeated, Juraian scientists had wasted no time 
in opening a subspace portal to rescue Emperor Azusa and his two Queens. 
Unfortunately, Azusa's wounds had caused him to lapse into a coma. The Emperor 
was certainly in no condition to rule. Misaki and Funaho had been wounded as 
well, but the two queens seemed to be recovering quite well, now.

	Ryoko stood watching the coronation ceremony from a balcony of the Palace. 
The pirate wore only a simple black dress that ran to her ankles, and no jewelry 
except for a simple gold ring on her left ring finger. A chill wind blew by, and 
Ryoko folded her arms under her chest. Trumpets filled the air with their songs 
as Ayeka, dressed in official Juraian robes, walked through the crowd to the 
center of the gardens. The princess ascended a small set of stairs and stopped 
before the surviving members of the Holy Council of Jurai. Words were spoken in 
ancient Juraian, and after several minutes of speeches Ayeka was crowned Empress 
of the Juraian Empire.

	Thousands of voices cheered for their new ruler as one. Ryoko watched the 
whole scene with a passing interest. Her thoughts were elsewhere. She noticed 
other familiar faces gathered around Ayeka. The Empress's Royal Guard all stood 
behind her looking as official as ever in their cerimonal armor. Ryoko could not 
help notice the one called Shoytal staring at Ayeka differently from the others. 
A stray thought crossed Ryoko's mind, and she wondered how long it would be 
before Shoytal and Ayeka started getting it on.

	Standing next to Ayeka was Sasami wearing her own set of Royal attire. A 
merry Ryo-ohki was perched on the small princess's head. Ryoko also noticed 
Ukarit and his boys passing out drinks to the gathered Juraian nobles. The pink 
gangster was laughing loudly and engaging the older Juraians in conversation. No 
doubt he was hitting them up for business opportunities. Ryoko also spotted 
Kiyone and Mihoshi in their formal uniforms standing with a delegation from the 
Galaxy Police. Apparently, one of Mihoshi's signals had been picked up by the 
remaining GP fleet, and it had headed right for Jurai to take part in the 
battle. Too bad they arrived a day late and missed all the fun.

	The one person Ryoko did not see was her mother. She reached out to touch 
their link and received a mental ping that Washu was somewhere in the crowd. 
Since Ryoko did not see Mayuka anywhere, she assumed that the child was with 
Washu. Even as these thoughts crossed Ryoko's mind, they left just as quickly. 
She watched the festivities below with detached interest. Her thoughts kept 
returning to one thing and one thing only. She sighed and absently began 
twisting the ring on her left hand with her thumb.

	Ryoko jumped slightly as a pair of arms suddenly encircled her waist from 
behind. "Now why are you wearing black on such festive day?" said the voice that 
belonged to the focus of all her thoughts. "People might start to think that 
you're in mourning or something."

	She smiled in response to the question and merely leaned back into the 
embrace of her soul mate. Tenchi squeezed her tighter, and Ryoko giggled as he 
kissed her right ear. "Are we speechless today?" he whispered into her ear.
	
	"No," replied Ryoko dreamily. "Just distracted."

	"By what?"

	Ryoko turned around in his arms and looked into his gentle brown eyes. 
Tenchi was dressed in a black and gold Juraian suit for the occasion. "You." 
Ryoko wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed Tenchi tenderly on the lips. 
The kiss started to intensify, and she let her arms trace their way down 
Tenchi's chest. When she reached his stomach, the kiss abruptly stopped as 
Tenchi jumped away.

	"Ow," he yelped.

	Ryoko raised both her hands to her mouth. "Oh, I'm sorry, Tenchi. I forgot 
you're still tender from the operation."

	He gave her a reassuring smile followed by the same feelings across their 
link. Tenchi walked over and put his right arm around her shoulders. "It's all 
right, Ryoko. I'm just glad Washu was able to put me back together again with so 
little problems. I'm surprised you let her take control of your powers to do the 
operation."

	Ryoko leaned up and kissed him on the lips again. "You're the only one I 
would do that for," she told him lovingly.  

	"So are you two getting along better?" he asked.

	Ryoko shrugged. "We're talking things out. It's a beginning."

	Tenchi turned them both around to look down on the celebration below. "So, 
what do you want to do now?" he asked.

	Ryoko rested her head on his shoulder. "Go home." She poked him lightly in 
the chest. "Someone has to catch up with his school work so someone can graduate 
on time."

	Tenchi started to laugh at her words. "Who would have ever thought you of 
all people would want me to get back to school."

	The cyan haired beauty lifted her head and gave Tenchi a cross look. 
"Remember buddy, the sooner you graduate the sooner we get married. I'll go to 
hell with Tokimi before I'll wait another twenty years to marry yo..." Ryoko's 
rant was cut short by a kiss from Tenchi. 

	The crowd cheered, and the kiss between the two lovers deepened. Another 
cheer erupted from below, and this time Tenchi spun around and around with Ryoko 
in his arms. Ryoko lifted her head back and shouted with glee as her Tenchi 
lifted her higher into the air. He slowly lowered her back down and greeted her 
with another kiss. And so the two of them held onto each other, oblivious to the 
rest of the universe. Right at that moment, their own private universe was all 
that mattered to them.

_____ 

	Washu let a genuine smile of happiness cross her lips. Ryoko's complete 
joy was coming across their link no matter how hard Washu tried to cut herself 
off. Mayuka tugged on the sleeves of her all red dress, and the former goddess 
looked down at the child. "What's wrong, honey?" 

	The child looked up with a sad face. "Want Daddy."

	Washu adjusted Mayuka in her lap and rocked her gently. "Well, sweetie, 
Daddy and Mommy are busy celebrating right now. I'm sure we'll see them at 
dinner later on." Washu could tell Mayuka was about to start fussing again, when 
Sasami suddenly appeared.

	"Here you two are," she said with a bright smile. "I've been looking all 
over for you." Mayuka reached for Sasami, and Washu let the princess take the 
child from her lap. "So you want to go watch the dancing, Mayuka?"

	"Yeah!" cheered Tenchi's daughter. Sasami cheered with her, and she melted 
back into the crowd with Mayuka safely in her arms.

	"She seems to have recovered well," said a familiar old voice.

	Washu looked over her shoulder and raised an eyebrow. A familiar old man 
in priest's robes appeared next to her. "Why, Lord Katsuhito? I did not expect 
to see you anymore?" answered Washu with mocked shock.

	"Yosho has served his purpose, Washu," replied the old man. "I look 
forward to going back to my quiet temple back on Earth."

	He sat down next to Washu. She nodded and looked back at the festive 
crowd. "So, you discovered that you still prefer the quiet life."

	He smiled and laughed. "I never forgot what I learned seven hundred years 
ago. But what about you, Lady Washu? Have you learned the answer to that 
question which started all of this twenty thousand years ago?"

	Washu thinned her eyes at him. "You really are too smart for your own 
good, old man." She smiled, though, despite Katsuhito's question. "Yes, I did. I 
came to this dimension in search of what it meant to be a mortal being. I wanted 
more than anything to know what made mortals so special. I gave up all my divine 
powers just to see where you people got that unquenchable thirst for life 
despite your short life spans. I had to know. I had to find out." 

	"And?" prompted Katsuhito.

	Washu's face took on a faraway look. "I found out that there was more to 
life than just the structural answers to the universe. I saw that love, family, 
friendship, hopes and dreams, and other mortal emotions were what made you all 
so special. Because your lives are generally so short, you make every moment 
special and memorable." She turned her head to look him in the eyes. "I've 
learned that every moment is worth living just to experience the joy of life 
around you." She chuckled. "I guess you could say I learned that life is a 
precious thing not to be wasted."

	"And it only took you twenty thousand years," added Katsuhito. Washu 
grimaced and punched him in the arm. 

	She quickly jumped to her feet and stood over him. "Come on, old man. 
Dance with me once before we head home." The greatest scientific genius in the 
universe and former goddess extended her right hand to the former Juraian 
prince.

	Katsuhito took her hand in his and got to his feet. "It would be my 
pleasure. After all, I wouldn't want to waste a chance to dance with former 
divinity." They both broke into fits of joyous laughter and joined the 
celebration of life in a new day.


...Fin


Notes- Well, that's if for Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses. I hope that 
anyone who read this fic enjoyed it as much as I did writing it. This will not 
be my last Tenchi fic. Whether or not I get any responses to this, I plan to 
write some humorous stories that deal with this timeline of mine. Please send 
all comments you may have to Roas1@hotmail.com. 

Hope you had a good time.

Roas Atrades
