Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi-Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses


"To Rule or To Lead?"


	Ayeka sat in the war room of Black Star Alpha. She had her own seat at the 
oval table next to Yosho who was sitting to her left listening to what Admiral 
Judroa was explaining to all the officers gathered in the room. Once again, the 
princess wondered why she came to all of these sessions. It had been two weeks 
since their arrival on the hidden Juraian base. Every day Ayeka became more and 
more worried about the fate of Tenchi, Sasami, and the rest of her friends. Yes, 
she even worried about Ryoko. She only hoped that the demon was not seducing 
Lord Tenchi right at this moment. Admiral Judroa opened a tactical map of the 
surrounding regions, and Ayeka suddenly remembered why she had decided to come 
to these meetings. Not counting Yosho, she was the only member of the royal 
family around, so there was a very good reason for her to be kept up to date on 
all the affairs of the war. After all, she had to make sure that the remaining 
Juraian people had a capable ruler. Despite the fact that going to all the 
meetings helped distract her from her own thoughts.

	The princess focused and listened diligently to the Admiral as he 
continued speaking. "Over the past two weeks, we have been able to pull together 
roughly two hundred thirty ships in a small fleet. Most of those ships are here 
at the base. There are at least a hundred more of our ships in the surrounding 
regions. These brave forces are doing their best to get us information while 
avoiding the enemy."

	"And what of the enemy?" asked a young officer. 

	He was sitting farther down the table and rose to address the Admiral. He 
was dressed, as all the officers were, in a white Juraian uniform. His coat was 
trimmed in blue, which identified him as a captain. His angular features were 
handsome. Long black hair fell past his shoulders and adding to the power of his 
lavender eyes. He scratched his sharp chin and looked at the whole table. Ayeka 
remembered his name was Shoytal. 

	"We have been receiving reports of new enemy activity for the past four 
days, but there has not been a single piece of hard evidence to back up these 
reports." He waved an arm around the whole table. "I am sure that I am not the 
only member of this command group that wants to know for sure what is really 
going on."

	Judroa sighed and opened another view screen to his right. Ayeka 
recognized a blue circle that represented the base on the tactical map. 
Approximately two systems away from the base was a shape that Ayeka had not seen 
before. The Admiral pointed to it. "Captain Shoytal is correct. He is a little 
out of line, but right none-the-less. This here is a sizable enemy fleet that 
appeared at colony system 6528 four days ago. We can confirm that they are enemy 
ships because of this signal that appears on all their hulls."

	The map was replaced by a new picture. The sigal on the screen started as 
the main part of a question mark with a semi-circle crossing the upper half, and 
two parallel lines cutting through the bottom. "We have noted this sigal on 
enemy structures in conquered colonies."

	"How many ships do they number?" asked a balding man with silver markings 
that told he was a general.

	"The enemy has roughly five hundred ships, General Durz'Tia," answered 
Judroa. 

	This started a lot of whispering among the gathered officers. Yosho rose 
and raised a hand to silence them. All eyes turned to him. His uniform was 
trimmed in a dark blue but edged in silver to show that he was second in command 
to Admiral Judroa. "Let's calm down and see what this new fleet is doing 
exactly."

	"It appears that the enemy fleet is going straight for the remaining free 
colonies," said the Admiral. "We are out numbered almost three to one, but I am 
suggesting to you all that we mobilize the fleet and intercept the enemy before 
they get any farther."

	There was a lot of mumbling from the table, but there were no objections 
to the Admiral's suggestion. Captain Shoytal rose to speak. "You know that we 
are behind your decision, Admiral. You are the high commander of this fleet, but 
I must warn against moving too quickly. I, too, want to fight back, but we 
cannot rush into a battle with the odds so greatly against us."

	Admiral Judroa nodded. "Your objection is noted, Captain, but we will be 
mobilizing immediately. We must attack this fleet before it gets any deeper into 
our remaining territories. For the sake of the Juraian people and the moral of 
our forces, we need a victory over these monsters." Ayeka could see the 
confidence rolling off of the Admiral and instilling itself into the rest of the 
fleet commanders. "Let us all go out and take vengeance for Jurai!"

	All the men in the room rose from their seats and cheered. With the 
meeting at an end, each commander was given a set of instructions and sent to 
prepare to depart. Finally, Ayeka, Yosho, Admiral Judroa were the only ones left 
in the room. 

	"You know this is risky," said Yosho. "This new fleet is only out here to 
destroy us."

	"Yes, I know," admitted Judroa. "But there is nothing else we can do. We 
cannot lose our remaining colonies. To do so would take away any chance of 
winning this war."

	"What is your plan?" asked Yosho.

	Judroa smiled. "I have a couple of ideas that might give us a chance. I am 
also putting a lot into the fact that our forces will be fighting with all their 
hearts. When a warrior fights with his heart..."

	"There is almost nothing that he cannot accomplish," finished Yosho. "You 
always did like that saying."

	Ayeka was suddenly very aware that she had been forgotten. "Well," she 
inserted into the conversation. "If we are to be leaving soon, then I must get 
ready." She nodded to the two men and left to pack her things. She was 
determined to be useful in some manner. She had to do it: for her people, for 
Tenchi, for Sasami, and most of all for herself.

_____

	Yosho smiled at Ayeka as she left the war room. "I was wondering when she 
was going to do that."

	Judroa gave him a puzzled look. "You are not really going to let her come 
along? We could all die at this battle."

	The former prince cocked an eyebrow at his old teacher and friend. "Do you 
want to try and tell her that she cannot come?" The Admiral laughed and shook 
his head. "I thought so. I suppose she should be on the command ship with you."

	"Why not on your ship, Yosho?" suggested Judroa. "The command ship is one 
of the most dangerous places in battle."

	A strange look came across Yosho's face. "I'm not quite sure, Rital. I 
just have a feeling that Ayeka should be on your ship during the battle."

	Rital Judroa was silent for a moment. Finally, he slapped his second in 
command on the shoulder and nodded seriously. "I have never doubted your 
instincts, Yosho. You have always had an ability to see some things that the 
rest of us could not." He lowered his arm and started for the door. "Let's get 
going. There is a lot to do and very little time."

_____

	Ayeka placed several kimonos in the small closet of her quarters on the 
Admiral's ship, Royal Pride. The princess took a deep breath and reassured 
herself that this was the correct thing to be doing. She had to be there for the 
brave soldiers of the fleet. She was a symbol of leadership to all Juraian 
people. It was her duty. She almost believed all of that.

	"Hey, Ayeka?" asked Mihoshi from the door. "Where should I..."

	"It doesn't matter, Mihoshi," interrupted Ayeka. "Thank you for your help, 
but you can leave now. The fleet will be departing soon, and you don't want to 
get stuck in the battle do you?"

	Mihoshi lowered the bag she was holding to her side. "Well, I am the only 
member of the Galaxy Police that knows about this place. I guess I should go and 
make a report to my superiors about what we are planning to do." She turned and 
started walking down the hall. "Bye, Ayeka! Good luck and have fun!"

	Ayeka frowned at space the blond ditz had just been standing. "At least 
Mihoshi will be out of my hair for a while." Ayeka sighed again and closed the 
door to her room.

_____

	Mihoshi was just about to go down a ramp leading back into the base's main 
hanger, when she realized that she was still holding Ayeka's bag. "Oh no!" she 
cried. "I forgot to put this down in Ayeka's room. I can't just go and not give 
this back to her. She might really need what's in here."

	The GP turned around and started back into the Royal Pride. She was so 
focused on trying to find her way back to Ayeka's room, that the ditz did not 
even notice when the ship pulled away from the space station, joined the fleet, 
and took part in the mass hyperspace jump.

	"I hope I can find her room again," said Mihoshi as she wandered along. 
She stopped to read a sign on the wall. It read cafeteria. "Oooo! I could use 
something to eat first, though. Okay, I'll get some food, give Ayeka her bag, 
and then go back to the station to send out my report." The ditz opened the door 
and went into the cafeteria completely unaware that they were already far from 
Black Star Alpha.

_____

	Captain Draytif, commander of Tokimi's fleet, sat in the command chair of 
his ship the Dominator. The fleet of five hundred ships was moving very slowly 
towards the last of the free Juraian colonies. Their real goal was not to attack 
those pathetic planets, yet. His orders were to flush out the remnants of the 
Juraian fleet and reduce it to space trash. Once that was done, he could take 
over each colony at his leisure.

	"Sir," said an officer to his right. "I have a report from the capital 
ship Defiler."

	"Speak," ordered Draytif.

	"The Defiler has picked up the Juraian fleet approximately twenty hours 
from our current position. They are coming right for us."

	"It's about time," said Draytif. "We've been out here for four days. Guess 
it took them that long to work up the courage to face us." He looked at the 
officer. "Send out word to all ships to prepare for battle. And make sure those 
damned subspace generators are working. I don't want those stupid Juraians to 
know what hit them."

	The officer gave him a stiff salute. "Yes, sir!"

	Draytif smiled to himself and raised his right hand to his mouth. When the 
Juraians arrived, he would use those mindless creatures as fodder, and then 
simply over power the fools with his sheer numbers. The Juraians would not stand 
a chance against the power of Lady Tokimi.

_____

	Admiral Judroa sat in his chair on the bridge watching the timer click 
down towards zero. Soon they would come out of hyperspace right on top of the 
enemy fleet's position. "Order all front guard ships to have their Light Hawk 
Wings ready to deploy as soon as we reenter real space," ordered Judroa. 

	"Yes, sir," replied a lieutenant. 

	The numbers on the clock became smaller and smaller. The Admiral's first 
plan was to come out of hyperspace right on top of the enemy fleet. With Light 
Hawk Wings deployed, his fleet could withstand enough of the enemy's opening 
volley to deliver a serious counter attack. Next he would have all ships open 
their Wings, and then try and break the enemy fleet into smaller portions. It 
was a very risky plan, but given his resources and lack of knowledge of the 
enemy, it was all Rital Judroa could do. His men needed a victory to boost their 
spirits, and as he had told Yosho they could not afford to give up anymore 
colonies.

	"One minute till reentry," came a voice over the COM.

	"All hands to battle stations!" ordered the Admiral. "Charge weapons and 
be prepared to fire on my order!"

	Starlines became real space. The front running ships of the fleet opened 
their Light Hawk Wings. "All ships acquire targeting solutions and fire!" 
commanded Admiral Judroa. 

	"Sir!" cried a lieutenant from a station below. "Targeting scanner unable 
to acquire stable locks on enemy ships. Massive subspace portals have just 
opened up between the two fleets."

	Judroa jumped up from his seat. "Give me a visual."

	A view screen appeared above the bridge. "What in the name of Tsunami are 
those?" gasped Judroa. He could see the enemy fleet filling up the space before 
him, but between them were thousands of little creatures. "What the hell are 
those things!?"

	"The creatures match some of the descriptions from the demon hoard that 
attacked the main fleet four weeks ago, sir. There are so many of them out 
there, that our computers cannot obtain decent targeting solutions for the enemy 
ships."

	"Fire manually then!" shouted the Admiral.

	"The fleet is having trouble switching over, sir. The sheer amount of 
creatures has overloaded the data banks. The computers are stuck trying to fire 
at the monsters." The soldiers were all looking at him hopelessly.

	Then the enemy fleet opened fire. Many of the blasts killed some of the 
flying creatures, but most of the fire from the enemy succeeded in scoring hits 
on the Juraian tree ships. The ships with their Wings engaged soaked the damage, 
but many other ships were hit. Admiral Judroa looked to his tactical screen. 
Green lights that indicated active ships started going red. "Beaten before we 
could even take a shot," he muttered. "Signal for full retreat! We can't fight 
these bastards like this!" 

	The mass of creatures surged as another volley of enemy fire erupted 
outwards. The Royal Pride took several direct hits setting off small explosions 
all over the ship. The Juraian command ship lurched to one side. Judroa's 
console exploded, and he was thrown backwards at his chair. The old Admiral's 
head hit the chair, and he was knocked unconscious.

_____

	Ayeka was thrown all around her room as the ship was hit. She finally got 
to her feet and straightened her blue and violet kimono. That was it! The First 
Crown Princess of Jurai could no longer stand being stuck in this room. The ship 
lurched again, but Ayeka kept her footing this time. The door to her room slid 
open, and she ran out nearly bumping into Mihoshi.

	"Oh Ayeka!" cried the blond GP. "I've been looking everywhere for you." 
She held up a bag. "I forgot to give this to you."

	"Mihoshi!?" screeched Ayeka. "What are you...? Oh, nevermind!" She grabbed 
the other woman by the arm and pulled her along. 
	When Ayeka and Mihoshi finally reached the bridge of the Royal Pride, it 
was in chaos. Admiral Judroa was unconscious on the floor. There was a frail 
looking young lieutenant trying to give orders, but he was doing a woefully poor 
job. Ayeka looked at the tactical readout and frowned. Green lights were turning 
red at an alarming rate. The princess grabbed a soldier and ordered him to tell 
her the current situation of the fleet. Ayeka took in the grim situation with a 
stone face. Her mind was racing through ways to get her people out of this 
situation. 

	After years of dealing with and stopping numerous plans of Ryoko's, Ayeka 
had developed a fairly keen strategic mind. All the view screens were showing 
the mass of creatures in space. Ayeka turned and grabbed the lieutenant trying 
to give orders. "Do you know who I am?" she asked him sternly.

	"Y...yes, Princess!" he stammered.

	"Good," she said. "I am taking command of this vessel immediately." She 
released him, and he snapped to attention. "First, is the computer working 
enough to get me an image of one of those creatures?"

	"Yes, Highness. The targeting computers are the only problems now." He ran 
to a working console and brought up an image of the monster. 

	As Ayeka had expected, she saw the image of one of those turtle bats 
appear. "Get me a holographic image right here and turn on the ship recorders." 
He nodded and started typing.

	A few seconds later a full sized holographic image of a turtle bat 
appeared next to Ayeka. The lieutenant gave her the sign that they were 
recording. The princess turned her head to see the key to her plan. She took 
several steps over to Mihoshi and tapped the GP on the shoulder. "Excuse me, 
Mihoshi," said Ayeka calmly.

	Mihoshi gazed back with her large blue eyes. "What is it, Ayeka?" The 
princess pointed to the hologram. Mihoshi followed the pointing hand and, 
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

	When the ear splitting shriek stopped, everyone on the bridge was looking 
up at the command console. "Did you get that?" asked Ayeka as she removed her 
hands from around her ears.

	"WHAT?" shouted the lieutenant. 

	Ayeka huffed and walked over the console. They had gotten Mihoshi's 
scream. Ayeka scanned the area around the mass of turtle bats. The ship shook as 
it was hit again, but the computer staid functioning. The scan revealed an 
unusual amount of oxygen surrounding all the monsters. Ayeka made sure that the 
oxygen was not dissipating. The scanners confirmed that oxygen was being pumped 
into the space by several large subspace portals. Ayeka turned on the fleet 
transmitter and began speaking.

	"This is Princess Ayeka. Admiral Judroa has been incapacitated, and I am 
now in command of the fleet. All ships are about to receive a recording. You are 
ordered to play this recording on external speakers and aim the sound waves at 
the mass of monsters ahead. Transmitting now."
													
	She pushed a button and sent out the recording to all remaining ships in 
the fleet. "Play the recording, now." She activated the external speakers of the 
Royal Pride, and Mihoshi's scream echoed all throughout the air filled space. As 
one, all of the turtle bats were suddenly thrown into confusion. The crazed 
creatures forgot who their targets were and turned on the enemy fleet.

_____

	"What is going on out there?" shouted Draytif.

	"Something has caused the zertins to go mad, sir," answered one of his 
men. "They are turning on us. No ship is able to get a clear shot at the 
Juraians anymore."

	"Dammit," cursed Draytif. "Order all ships to wipe out the zertins. 
They've done their job anyway. Then have all ships converge and destroy all the 
Juraians."

	"Yes, sir!"

_____

	"Enemy craft are firing on the monsters, your Highness," reported the 
lieutenant.

	"All ships begin to fall back while we have the chance," she ordered. "Get 
me commander Yosho's ship."

	Yosho's young face appeared a moment later. "Yes, your Highness?" 

	Ayeka was slightly taken back by the way her brother addressed her. She 
tucked her emotions away and kept her face stern. "Commander, take half the 
fleet and plot a small hyperspace jump. Next plot a course that will take you to 
the enemy fleet's flank. Then I want you to go along with the Admiral's first 
attack plan. At the same time, launch all fighters with orders to attack capital 
ships."

	"What of the rest of the fleet, Highness?" he asked her.

	"The Royal Pride will lead a false retreat," she answered. "We will draw 
the enemy back after they have finished taking care of the monsters and distract 
them so that your return jump will go unnoticed."

	"Understood, Princess Ayeka." Yosho saluted her and the screen 
disappeared. 

	She looked down at the remaining staff on the bridge. "How are the 
computers?"

	"We almost have them back to normal, Highness," called up one of the 
soldiers. 

	"Excellent. Once that is done have all the ships in the rear prepare their 
Light Hawk Wings," ordered Ayeka. 

	The Juraian fleet started its false retreat while the enemy ships 
continued to kill their own monsters. Ayeka gave the order, and Yosho's force 
separated from the main body. They still had enough ships to make this work. 
Now, all they needed was a little luck.

_____

	"The Juraian fleet is attempting to retreat, sir."

	Draytif got up from his chair and strode forward to the railing 
surrounding the command station. "Finish off those damned creatures and plot 
courses to catch up to the fleeing dogs."

	Another one of his men looked up from a scanner. "A portion of the Juraian 
fleet is breaking off and retreating in another direction. What are your orders, 
Captain Draytif?"

	Draytif looked down at the man. "Where is their command ship?"

	"Still straight ahead, sir."

	"Keep the fleet on course, then," ordered Draytif. "I want that command 
ship turned to ashes. We kill their best commanders, we will win no matter 
what." He watched the other portion of the Juraian's jump into hyperspace. "Let 
them go. We will hunt them down after their leaders are dead." He looked at the 
main body of the Juraians. "Charge all weapons and fire at will."

______

	"Did they fall for it?" asked Ayeka.

	The soldier at the sensor station nodded. "We have confirmation of a 
successful jump by Commander Yosho's force, and the enemy is still coming after 
us.

	"All ships about face!" called Ayeka. The fleet stopped and turned around 
to face their pursuers. "Open Light Hawk Wings!" A wall of Wings formed all 
along the rear guard turned front. "All other ships open fire as soon as the 
enemy is within range!"

	"We have firing solutions, Princess!" reported the tactical station.

	"Fire!"

_____

	"Return fire!" shouted Draytif as the Juraians suddenly stopped and 
attacked. He ran to the tactical console to check on the damage. He went white. 
More than a hundred of his ships had been wiped out in the first Juraian volley.

	Tokimi's fleet returned fire, but the Light Hawk Wings absorbed the 
blasts. Suddenly, the bridge alarms shrieked. "Report!" yelled Draytif.

	"The rest of the Juraian fleet has just appeared at our flank, sir! Some 
of our ships have returned fire, but the enemy has encircled themselves in their 
Light Hawk Wings!"

	Draytif opened a view screen. Light Hawk Wing Shields surrounded the 
second Juraian fleet as it plowed right into the center of his fleet. Dozens of 
his ships were going up in flames every second. Over sixty percent of the fleet 
was already destroyed. This was unbelievable! How could such an inferior fleet 
have defeated him? Draytif saw no other way out. "Call for a full retreat! We 
are going back to Jurai to regroup!"

_____

	A chorus of cheers went up as the enemy fleet started to retreat. Admiral 
Judroa was taken to the medical facilities for treatment immediately. Ayeka was 
exhausted, but there was something she still had to do. An inner voice started 
to remind her that the fleet would be back, and that perhaps next time her 
forces would not be able to repel them. Ayeka closed her eyes and extended her 
arms out to her sides. Her circlet started to glow blue. The blue aura continued 
to speared all over her body. Slowly, the princess started to lift off of the 
ground. All at once, Ayeka released the Power of Jurai. An iridescent wave of 
blue power erupted from her small frame and left the bridge of the Royal Pride. 
The ship was unharmed as was the rest of the fleet. The Jurai Power spread out 
and flew across space as far as the eye could see.

	Ayeka returned to the ground and took several shaky steps towards the 
fleet COM unit. She turned on the fleet transmitter. "In the name of the Royal 
family, I, Ayeka Jurai, have invoked the Power of Jurai. No ship unallied with 
our cause may pass this point. Thus is the power of the Jurai Empire."

	Cheers went up all across the fleet. Ayeka turned to leave the bridge. 
"Send a message to Lord Yosho that he is to take the fleet back to Black Star 
Alpha. I will be in my room until we arrive."

	"Yes, Princess Ayeka," replied the lieutenant with a stiff salute.

	Ayeka left the bridge and walked down the halls of the Royal Pride to her 
room. Soldiers and knights gave her salutes as she passed. When she finally 
entered the small quarters, Ayeka removed her kimono leaving her only in her 
white shift. She sat down in front of the mirror at the room's only desk and 
looked into her own dark pink eyes. Gone was her innocence. Perhaps it had been 
taken long ago, but now the hardships of war had taken away anything that was 
left. She was still mostly the same, but now there was a new level of strength 
growing beneath her smooth skin. 

	The princess loosened her hair and let it flow freely down her back. She 
continued to stare into the mirror. "You have just become more than just a ruler 
of people," she said in a steely tone. "You are now a leader of men and women."

_____

	The fleet had returned to Black Star Alpha without any problems. Yosho 
received orders that a meeting was to be held in the war room immediately. All 
the senior officers who survived the battle were present. Even Rital, in a wheel 
chair, was present at the meeting. 

	"Did you call this meeting?" asked the Admiral.

	Yosho shook his head, but smiled at the same time. "No, but I know who 
did."

	The door to the war room slid open, and all heads turned to see who was 
entering. All eyes went wide except for Yosho's. Standing in the doorway was the 
new leader of the Juraian forces. The white Juraian officer's uniform was almost 
the same as the rest. A long white trench coat with violet lapels trimmed in 
gold was worn over the standard white vest, shirt, and pants. Dark purple hair 
that had once fallen past the waist was now cut shorter than the neck. It was 
pulled straight back into a ponytail revealing a circlet made from the royal 
space tree Ryo-oh. A pair of dark pink eyes that had once expected to be obeyed 
because of status were staring at them all with a different air. Those eyes no 
longer expected orders to be followed because they were simply issued. No. 
Orders would now be followed because every set of eyes that fell on her would 
follow out of pure loyalty and respect. 

	"We have just won our first battle, gentlemen," proclaimed the Princess 
Ayeka. "Now, we will take the war to them."


To be continued...

Notes- Well, did you expect me to do that? I hope not because then it would not 
have been much of a surprise. I feel that this is the way Ayeka could be if she 
just dropped the arrogant air that she always holds. If she just let it go and 
earned people's respect instead of just demanding it, I believe there would be a 
change in this fashion. As you also saw I worked around sound traveling in 
space. I am no science guy, but I do know that some things can't happen. I hope 
that my way of doing that was okay. Please send comments if you have them to 
Roas1@hotmail.com.
													
									 

													
						
													
			
													
									 

													
							


													
							
													
									

													
									


