Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi-Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses


"Possibilities Interrupted"


	Tenchi sat in Ryo-ohki's pilot's chair steering the cabbit ship through 
the latest system they were passing through. For the past week and a half, the 
trio had been attacked repeatedly by the lizard monsters whenever they set down 
on a planet to rest and get fresh supplies. The last attack had been just the 
day before. Ryoko was asleep on her futon recovering from a broken arm. Several 
of the beasts had ganged up on her and succeeded in scoring a hit. After a lot 
of screaming and cursing by the space pirate, Tenchi had successfully set the 
injured limb allowing Ryoko's healing abilities to finish the job. She had been 
sleeping since then.

	"How much farther do our star charts extend after this system, Ryo-ohki?" 
asked Tenchi. 

	"Meow meow," answered the cabbit ship. Two view screens appeared in front 
of Tenchi. One was a map of this system. The second was a translation of Ryo-
ohki's meows since Tenchi did not share a mental link with her. "There are no 
more coordinates for navigation after this system, Tenchi," read the screen.

	Tenchi looked at the star map and noted a blue and silver planet not too 
far away from their position. Yiref was its name, and it was a level three 
trading colony. "How would you like to take a short rest on that planet while I 
get some supplies and a new chart?" he asked with a smile.

	"Meow meow meow!" came her happy reply.

	Tenchi handled the steering crystals with ease and aimed Ryo-ohki for 
Yiref. He had become pretty good at flying the cabbit ship over the past month. 
Tenchi was suddenly startled by that thought. Had they really been on the run 
like this for a month? He let Ryo-ohki take over the controls as he got up and 
went over to where he kept his belongings. The Juraian prince rummaged through a 
sack and pulled out a sheet of paper and a pen. On the sheet was a series of 
numbers on a small grid. Ever since he had left Earth, Tenchi had been keeping a 
record of dates current to Earth time. He had started mainly to know when and 
how much school he would end up missing before this trip was over. 

	The home made calendar started at the end of July. Taking away the week 
that it had taken them to reach Jurai, Tenchi calculated that it was sometime in 
late August. "Twenty first, twenty second, twenty third, and tomorrow will be 
the twenty fourth," counted Tenchi as he ticked off the days on his fingers. He 
was jotting down the numbers on the paper when he stopped on the twenty third.

	"Why do I feel like there is something special about today?" he asked 
himself. He tapped the pen against his mouth while looking around the bridge. 
The memory hit him when his eyes fell on the sleeping Ryoko. "It's Ryoko's 
birthday!"

	Ryo-ohki entered Yiref's atmosphere with no problems and landed in an odd 
looking forest several miles south of a city. After making sure that the locals 
had not detected them, the cabbit ship beamed Tenchi and the sleeping Ryoko into 
a clearing. Ryoko remained asleep on her futon. She mumbled Tenchi's name and 
turned over. Ryo-ohki transformed back into her cabbit shape and hoped over to 
her mistress's side. 

	"You keep and eye on her, Ryo-ohki," Tenchi told the cabbit. "If there is 
any sign of trouble, you transform and get the two of you out of here. 
Understand?"

	"Meeeeeow," answered Ryo-ohki with a little nod. 

	Tenchi smiled at her and looked once at Ryoko before getting ready to 
leave. His eyes softened briefly before he moved on. He walked over to his sack 
and pulled out his blaster and two power packs. Tenchi threw on his black jacket 
and dropped the gun into the holster at his right side. Next, he dropped the 
power packs into his back pocket and tucked Tenchi-ken into his belt. Finally, 
he grabbed the credit chip and started his walk to the city a few miles back. 

	The Juraian prince gazed at the strange trees of the forest as he walked 
along. They were all a silverish blue color, but none of them had any leaves. 
Tenchi thought that he saw small holes lining the trunks and branches of all the 
trees. "I wonder what kind of trees these are?" Tenchi finally shrugged and 
continued out of the forest and towards the city.

	It did not take him that long to get to the city. All types of alien life 
forms were coming and going, so Tenchi had no problem getting in unnoticed. He 
walked up and down the streets looking for shops that would serve his needs. 
Tenchi stopped in a small arms shop to purchase a few new power packs for is 
blaster. With the constant attacks, the weapon had been put to good use. Tenchi 
had also become a fairly good shot in a small amount of time. The young man was 
looking in windows as he moved along. 

	He stopped in front of a jewelry shop and stared at some of the pieces in 
the window. One bracelet in particular caught his eye. It was the color of 
Ryoko's hair with its edges made of pearl. Tenchi immediately thought of what a 
nice present it would make for Ryoko's birthday. He walked into the store and 
asked the green haired, pointy eared woman at the counter for the bracelet. She 
placed it in a small black box and took the credit chip from Tenchi.

	"Is this for your girlfriend, young man?" she asked him while the scanners 
read the chip.

	Tenchi's hand automatically started to scratch the back of his head. 
"Well...uh...not...uh...really," he stammered. 

	She gave him a sly smile. "Well, whoever the girl is that receives this 
gift is very lucky." Tenchi smiled weakly as he took the gift with the credit 
chip and left the store. 

	Tenchi sighed heavily once he was outside. Why did people he did not even 
know have to make such suggestions? Couldn't he just buy a simple gift for 
someone's birthday? With no viable answer in sight, Tenchi dropped the black box 
into the sack he was carrying and continued down the busy street. He had not 
been walking for a minute when two male humanoids stepped in front of his path. 
Each of them had long brown hair and beards and wore green cloaks. 

	"Tenchi...," started the one on the right.

	"Masaki," finished the other.

	Tenchi took a step back, his right hand drifting to his blaster. "How do 
you know my name?"

	"We mean you..."

	"...no harm. We are merely..."

	"...here to escort you. Please come..."

	"...with us, Tenchi Masaki. Our boss..."

	"...wishes to speak with you."

	Tenchi was not sure what to make of this. There was something familiar 
about these two, but he could not put his finger on it. Grandpa had always told 
him to go with his instincts, and they were telling him to go along with this 
for now. He moved his hand away from the blaster. "Lead the way," he said.

	The two humanoids turned and lead Tenchi down the street. They walked for 
a while. Tenchi looked to the sky and realized he had been out for some time 
now. "I hope Ryoko doesn't wake up and flip out cause I'm not there," he 
whispered to himself. Thoughts of the space pirate flying through the city 
blowing things up while looking for him made Tenchi shiver. "Calm down, Tenchi. 
She won't do anything that drastic. Trust her a little."

	The Juraian prince was taken to a small bakery. Tenchi watched as his 
guides walked inside without stopping. He shrugged and followed them in. The 
green cloaked men went past the ordering counter without even acknowledging the 
baker there. The baker looked at Tenchi and motioned for him to keep moving. 
Seeing no other choice, Tenchi continued to follow his guides. He walked past 
counter and into a hallway. The two twin humanoids were standing in front of a 
door at the end of the hall. Tenchi neared, and one of them opened the door. He 
walked past and found himself in an office.

	The walls were a dark yellow, and there was a red leather couch up against 
the left wall. Sitting behind a rectangular, steel desk was a familiar pink 
skinned humanoid. "Welcome, Tenchi Masaki," said Ukarit with a green toothed 
smile. He pointed to a steel chair in front of the desk. "Please sit."

	Tenchi placed the sack he was carrying down and sat in the chair. "You're 
Ukarit, aren't you?"

	Ukarit folded his hands and gave Tenchi a closed mouth smile. "You are a 
bright one. I knew I liked you. After all, you must have some set of balls to be 
running around with the space pirate Ryoko. That and the scam you pulled on me 
back on Dewtil."

	Tenchi's nerves were screaming at him in his mind, but he somehow managed 
to keep a calm face. "Well, to tell you the truth, I had nothing to do with what 
happened in the bar. Everything that happened there was all Ryoko."

	Ukarit threw his spiked head back and laughed. "Something told me you were 
as much in the dark as I was. That Ryoko sure is somethin', eh?"

	"You have no idea," answered Tenchi with a sigh. "So why am I here?" he 
asked.

	Ukarit leaned forward and placed his elbows on the desk. "It's been tough, 
but I have managed to track you two down. I have also taken the liberty of doing 
a little research." He opened a draw, pulled out a folder, and began to read 
what was inside.  "Tenchi Masaki. Born on a backwater planet called Earth. He 
was just a normal Earth boy, until just a few years ago he was told that he was 
a direct heir to the throne of the mighty Juraian Empire. Somehow, this Earth 
boy turned royalty became surrounded by the oddest of people. The infamous space 
pirate Ryoko, the Princess Ayeka Jurai and her sister Sasami, the mad scientist 
Washu Hakubi, and an under rated GP with her screw up partner." 

	The pink man cleared his throat and continued. "Tenchi Masaki then 
proceeded to somehow confront and defeat the dreaded space pirate/scientist 
Kagato. In another similar incident, he even helped subdue and capture the rogue 
scientist Dr. Clay." Ukarit closed the folder and looked at Tenchi. "You have 
had quit an interesting life the past few years, haven't you, Mr. Masaki? Or can 
I just call you Tenchi?"

	Tenchi could not believe what he had just heard. This man had just briefly 
retold the past few years of his life, minus the Yuzuha affair. "How did you 
find out all of that?" he asked in an astonished tone.

	"Oh, please, Tenchi," said Ukarit. "I may be out here on the fringe of 
this galaxy, but I do have my sources here and there."

	Tenchi folded his arms. "Okay, you know who I am. Do I get to know 
something about you?"

	"Let's just say that I am a business man, who is looking for a new 
investment," replied Ukarit.

	The Juraian prince tilted his head. "You're a gangster," he said simply.

	"That is such a crude word, Tenchi." Ukarit smiled again and leaned back. 
"As I said, though, I am looking for a new investment. You, being a prince of 
Jurai that you are, are definitely involved with what is going on around the 
inner and mid rim systems. Am I right?" Tenchi reluctantly nodded. "I am going 
to be blunt with you. Who or whatever is controlling the Juraian Empire is bad 
for business. I may live way out here in the fringe worlds, but much of my 
business is conducted within Jurai space and other governments of this galaxy. I 
could open some new routes to other galaxies, but that would be just too 
expensive."

	"What does this have to do with me?" asked Tenchi again.

	"Well," began Ukarit. "I have not been able to get the exact details, but 
you and your merry little band are fighting this new threat. Suddenly, you have 
all popped up in different parts of the galaxy. You are all separated, but each 
of you is still doing something to fight back." He brought his legs up and 
rested them on the desk. "For example: You and Ryoko have been wandering around 
some of the outer systems with no real pattern. You either have no idea where 
you are going, or you are being chased. It's my guess that it's a little of 
both." Tenchi was stone faced. "Am I close?"

	"What do you want?" demanded Tenchi flatly.

	"You sound so hostile, Tenchi," said Ukarit smoothly. "I merely want to 
offer you my help. I can give you assistance in many areas, my boy. I can 
provide you with star charts, security, supplies, and even tell you about the 
fate of your friends."

	Tenchi's eye brows shot up. "What?"

	"I thought that one would get your attention," said Ukarit. "To show you 
how sincere I am, I'll give you this first bit of information for free." He 
folded both hands behind his head. "My information is not complete, but I do 
know that the Princess Ayeka is leading the remains of the Juraian military in 
an attempt to retake the Empire that rightfully belongs to her."

	A part of Tenchi was suddenly relieved. Ayeka was alive and safe. "Do you 
know where she is right now?" he asked quickly.

	Ukarit shook his head. "Like I said, my information is not complete. There 
was recently a massive space battle around the Empire's outer colonies. The 
woefully undermanned Juraian fleet, thanks to the efforts of the Princess I 
hear, was able to defeat a sizeable fleet belonging to our mysterious foe."

	"What else?" asked Tenchi. "Is anyone else with Ayeka?"

	"Sorry, but that ends the free portion of our show," replied the pink man. 
"Anything else will cost you."

	Tenchi's eyes thinned. "And what's the price for your services?"

	"You know certain people. After this whole ordeal is finished, all I want 
is some real-estate inside the Juraian territories." Ukarit's smile was thin.

	"I cannot promise you any of that," said Tenchi.

	"But you are a prince of Jurai," countered Ukarit.

	Now it was Tenchi's turn to smile. "You may have been able to find out my 
life story, but there are some very important pieces that your folder there is 
missing." Tenchi pointed to the folder on the desk. "The real Juraian government 
and I are not on very good terms. In fact, they would rather I didn't exist at 
all. All I can promise you is a possible meeting with someone who can fulfill 
your request."

	Ukarit's grin was gone, replaced by a frown. "I'm going to have some words 
with some of my people. I hate missing vital information." He pulled his legs 
off the desk and straightened in his chair. "I suppose that we could come to 
some other arrangement until my first request can be met."

	Tenchi rose from his seat and picked up his sack. "I'm sorry, Mr. Ukarit, 
but I must refuse. To be truthful with you, I do not fully trust you."

	"That's to be expected," answered Ukarit with a shrug.

	Tenchi continued. "Also, I don't wish to involve anyone else in the 
problems of my friends and family. Believe me, you do not want to be a part of 
this war." He hefted the sack over his right shoulder. "Am I free to go?"

	Ukarit extended his left hand. "Of course. You were never being held here 
in the first place. I had only wished to talk with you." Tenchi started to go, 
but Ukarit spoke one last time. "Remember, though, my offer still stands." 
Tenchi nodded and left.

	Tenchi exited the bakery and put a hand on his forehead. Yiref's sun was 
even nearer to the horizon than when he had entered the city. If Ryoko was not 
awake and worried by now, she soon would be. Tenchi just hoped that he could get 
back to the forest before she got it in her head to go looking for him. The 
spiky haired youth broke into a dead run back to the way he had come into the 
city. 

_____

	Wrapped in shadows, Garthinial watched as Tsunami's Knight ran down the 
busy streets. Tracking his prey to this world had been easy enough, but 
capturing them would most likely prove as difficult as previous attempts. 
Perhaps it was time to change his methods. The mizren demon looked around and 
spotted a rather large building jutting up from the center of the city. He could 
see that a media logo was hanging on the side of the building. Yes. It was time 
to try something new.

_____

	Ryoko could tell that she was no longer on Ryo-ohki's bridge. Flying 
through space had a certain feel to it, and also the rock digging into her back 
was proof enough. The demoness yawned and rose up into a sitting position. Ryo-
ohki hopped onto her lap and meowed a happy greeting. Ryoko smiled and pet her 
little companion. "Hello, Ryo-ohki." 

	Ryoko looked up at the forest of silverish blue trees for the first time. 
"Strange trees," she commented. Then she noticed what was missing. "Tenchi?" she 
said. 

	"Tenchi?" she called a little louder. 

	"Teeennnncchhhiiii?" she called out very loudly. 

	Ryoko was suddenly overcome with a wave of anxiety. She jumped up from her 
futon and floated into the air. Her green nightdress fluttered in the wind as 
she rose higher. There was no sign of Tenchi anywhere. "TENCHI!!!" she shouted 
at the forest.

	The space pirate vanished and reappeared next to her futon. She grabbed 
Ryo-ohki with both hands and lifted her up to eye level. "Where's Tenchi?" she 
asked hurriedly. Fear was running rampant in her mind. He wouldn't leave her. 
Would he? No. Never. Tenchi would never abandon her. 

	Sensing the storm of emotions raging in Ryoko's mind, Ryo-ohki quickly 
relayed where and how long ago Tenchi had left to go to the city. On hearing 
that Tenchi had only gone shopping, Ryoko was immensely relieved. But according 
to what the cabbit told her, he had already been gone for several hours. Panic 
started to well up inside her again. What if he had been attacked by those 
creatures again? What if he was lying dead on the side of a road?

	Ryoko dropped Ryo-ohki and phased into her battle suit. She levitated a 
few feet off the ground and aimed herself in the direction that Ryo-ohki had 
remembered him going. Her spiky cyan hair started to fly back as Ryoko sped 
through the air. She was just about to kick herself into high gear when Tenchi 
stepped out from a collection of trees. Ryoko cried out and drove her feet into 
the ground to stop her movement. Tenchi gave her a wide eyed look as she came to 
a sudden stop several feet in front of him. 

	Emotions out of control, Ryoko phased into a teal dress with light blue 
sleeves that were trimmed in black and threw herself at Tenchi. She slammed into 
his chest and knocked him to the ground. Tears were flowing down her face while 
Ryoko sat on top of Tenchi and started to punch him in the chest. "You damned 
idiot!" she screamed. "Don't you ever go off without me again!" Her punching 
slowly ceased, and Ryoko collapsed onto his chest and sobbed. "Do you know how 
worried I was? I thought that those damn creatures had gotten you or something."

	Ryoko felt Tenchi carefully take hold of her and move her off of his legs. 
He got into a sitting position pulled his jacket sleeve over his right hand. 
Tenchi lifted her head slightly and began to wipe the tears from her face. "Gee, 
I'm really sorry, Ryoko," he was saying. "I was hoping that I could get back 
before you woke up, but I got a little side tracked in the city." He smiled and 
chuckled. "I forgot what a worrier you can be sometimes."

	She sniffed and rubbed at her eyes while inwardly cursing Zero's influence 
on her emotions for the millionth time. This had not been the first time she had 
broken down in front of Tenchi, but the demoness still hated it when it 
happened, none-the-less. She punched him in the shoulder just hard enough to 
bruise, but not really hurt. "I don't worry," she snapped at him. "I just don't 
like being left out of any possible fun that might happen."

	Tenchi cocked an eyebrow and gave her a half smile as he got back to his 
feet. She vanished and reappeared next to him. He picked up the sack he had been 
carrying and walked over to the camp. Ryo-ohki hopped over and started to nuzzle 
his ankles. He smiled at the cabbit and placed the sack in the middle of the 
camp.

	Ryoko had collected herself by now. "What's in the bag?" she asked.

	"Just a few things," he said.

	"Well, what kind of things?"

	"Oh, just some stuff I picked up," he answered in an amused tone.

	The cyan haired woman scowled at him. "Ha ha. Very funny." She walked over 
and stood next to him. "I suppose I had that one coming eventually, but really, 
what did you get?"

	She watched as Tenchi took out three gray boxes, a hand full of blaster 
power packs, a plastic bag filled with a vegetable close to a carrot, and a 
small black box. Ryoko figured that there was food in the gray boxes, but what 
could be in the small black one? The space pirate reached out to take it, but 
Tenchi grabbed it first. "Sorry, can't let you see that yet."

	Ryoko gave him a puzzled look. "Why?"

	He smiled playfully. "Well, it's a surprise." He took the black box and 
stuffed it into his own pocket. "Listen, I saw a pond a short ways back from the 
way I came. Why don't you go and take a bath, and when you get back, I'll show 
you what is in the box. Okay?"

	Ryoko's heart was beating a mile a minute. Tenchi was playing with her, 
and she was loving every second of it. A small basket of bathing materials 
appeared in her hands, and she gave him a huge grin. "I guess that sounds 
reasonable." She started walking off into the forest.

	"And Ryoko," he called after her. "Take Ryo-ohki with you. I don't want 
you watching me through her eyes."

	Ryo-ohki meowed and scampered after her mistress. Ryoko stuck her tongue 
out at Tenchi and went to find the pond. Once she found the small pool of water, 
Ryoko placed her basket on the ground and phased out of her dress and into the 
water. It was pretty cold, but Ryoko's excitement and the fact temperature 
didn't affect her helped her to over look that fact. She grabbed some items from 
the basket and began to quickly clean herself. The demoness wanted to get back 
to the camp as quickly as possible. What could Tenchi be doing over there?

	She looked at Ryo-ohki. "Do you have any idea what he's up to?" The cabbit 
shook her head. Her heart began to beat even faster. What on earth could he be 
doing back there? 

	Filled with a sense of excited urgency, Ryoko quickly finished washing 
herself. At the end, she floated into the air and began spinning herself. After 
a moment, the demoness was completely dry. She vanished and reappeared next to 
Ryo-ohki wearing the same dress she had been earlier. Ryoko picked up the basket 
and started to walk back to the camp. She really wanted to teleport back, but an 
inner voice told her that this was the better way. Smiling broadly, Ryoko 
increased her pace back to the camp.

_____

	As soon as Ryoko and Ryo-ohki were out of sight, Tenchi began to set 
things up. First he opened up the gray boxes and took out the food he had gotten 
for dinner. One of the boxes also contained a small cake with a single candle in 
it. He had thought that would be a nice touch. Then he took the bag of carrot 
like vegetables and opened it so that the cabbit could eat as she pleased. 
Finally, he took the box out of his pocket and sat down to wait. Tenchi did not 
have to wait long. Ten minutes after she had gone off, Ryoko, followed by Ryo-
ohki, came walking rather quickly back into the camp. 

	"Okay, mister," she said with a huge grin on her face. "What's all this 
secrecy about?"

	He quickly put the box containing the bracelet behind him and motioned to 
the food. "Let's eat first."

	She vanished and materialized sitting across from him. Without any 
argument, Ryoko began to eat her dinner. Wondering why she was being so 
cooperative, Tenchi also started to eat. There was not much conversation over 
dinner. Even though Tenchi had done all this without any romantic intentions, 
there was an unmistakable air of nervousness that came with such situations. 
Dinner passed and so did the light of Yiref's sun. The reddish orb had sunk 
beneath the horizon long ago, and now the planet's three moons were steadily 
rising into the early night sky. 

	When they both finished eating, Tenchi cleared away the remains. "Okay," 
he started. "Now close your eyes." She did so, and Tenchi placed the box with 
the small cake between them. He opened it and lit the candle. "Open your eyes."

	Ryoko complied. Her mouth dropped open, and her golden eyes went very 
wide. "Happy birthday, Ryoko," said Tenchi with a smile. 

	"H...how did...," she stuttered. "*I* didn't even remember." She was 
blushing wildly.

	Tenchi started scratching the back of his head. "Well, I uh have been 
keeping a rough Earth calendar ever since we left home. I realized what today 
was this morning and figured it would be a nice surprise to lighten the mood." 
He took the black box and handed it to her. "Here."

	She gingerly took the box. Tenchi could see that her hands were shaking 
slightly. A gasp escaped her lips when she opened it up. Ryoko took the bracelet 
out and held it in her hands. Her face was a mixture of emotions. "Tenchi, 
I...don't know what to say. It's beautiful." She looked into his eyes and smiled 
warmly. "Thank you."

	Tenchi was a bright red by this point, and the itch on the back of his 
head just would not go away. He was about to stammer out a reply, but was 
interrupted by a brisk wind that started blowing through the forest. The passing 
wind began to create a tranquil melody as it passed through the holes in the 
surrounding trees. Tenchi noticed a familiar fire appear behind Ryoko's golden, 
feline eyes. 

	She jumped to her feet and grabbed his hands. "Dance with me, Tenchi."

	"But Ryoko," he started to protest.

	The demoness gave him a pouty look. "I thought birthday girls were always 
allowed one wish?" Seeing no way out of this one, Tenchi relented and got to his 
feet. It seemed that he was getting himself into a lot of one option situations 
lately.

	They moved a little ways from the food. Tenchi carefully took her right 
hand in his left and placed his other hand on her waist. Ryoko draped her left 
arm around his shoulder. It took them a little bit before they were able to 
blend into the rhythm of the trees' song. The two of them began to glide back 
and forth across the ground. Tenchi eventually found himself looking into her 
eyes. The light from the three moons highlighted their golden glow. He was not 
sure when it happened, but now both his hands had encircled her waist, and Ryoko 
had wrapped her arms around his neck. She laid her head on his chest, and her 
cyan hair was just under his nose. Tenchi was pleasantly surprised that her hair 
smelled like cherry blossoms on a cool spring morning. 

	The prince and the pirate danced that way for several minutes. The wind 
ceased and the music suddenly ended. They stopped dancing. Ryoko lifted her head 
and looked into Tenchi's eyes. Tenchi looked back unable to keep a single 
thought in his head except her. Anything might have happened right then had not 
Ryo-ohki started meowing hysterically. Tenchi and Ryoko were snapped back into 
reality. They separated and looked down at the cabbit that was hopping up and 
down. 

	"This better be good, cabbit," grumbled Ryoko. Tenchi's thoughts had just 
caught up to him, and he inwardly kicked himself for losing control so easily. 

	Ryo-ohki jumped into the air and transformed into her ship mode. She 
beamed the other two onto her bridge. A view screen appeared and fizzled into a 
picture. Tenchi and Ryoko grimaced when they saw a familiar hooded figure 
standing in the middle of a recording studio. 

	"This is a message to the Daughter of Washu and Tsunami's Knight," rumbled 
the demon. "I have taken the occupants of this complex hostage. I will begin 
killing them all one by one unless you come here and give yourselves to me. You 
have one standard hour to comply, or else their blood will be on your hands. I 
am in the media building in the city, boy. I will be waiting." The screen 
fizzled again, and the picture vanished. 


To be continued...

Notes- I got Ryoko's birthday from the Ryoko Forever Fan Club. I saw another 
page that said it was the 8th, but I figured the RFFC would know what it was 
talking about. Ryoko's emotional outburst is patterned on her actions in MNE 
when she tried to stop Tenchi from going after Mayuka. That's all. All comments 
please go to Roas1@hotmail.com.

													
													
