Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses

"No Need For A Peaceful Life"


													
	The warm rays of the summer sun passed through the window and onto 
Tenchi's sleeping form.  Time passed until the sun's light was hitting Tenchi in 
the face. No longer able to hide behind the mask of sleep, the young man slowly 
opened his eyes to the day. For one brief moment he jumped from his bed and 
started to scramble for the door. It was only then that he realized Ryoko was 
not hovering over his bed. Tenchi rubbed his brown eyes and looked around the 
room. Nope. The demoness was definitely not there. He sighed and picked himself 
up off the floor. Wait! Was he actually sorry that there was not a pair of blood 
shot, golden eyes to greet him this morning? Naaahh. It was nice to be able to 
make the short walk to the bathroom for once without being assaulted by the cyan 
haired woman. Wasn't it?

	A grumbling stomach silenced all other thoughts as Tenchi left his room. 
Scents of Sasami's morning escapades in the kitchen entered his nose the minute 
he came into the hall. Driven by hunger, he quickly ran to the bathroom to 
freshen up before the rest of his "family" ate all the food. After a quick 
shower, Tenchi put on his field clothes and ran downstairs. The living room was 
empty because everyone was already seated around the breakfast table. Tenchi 
could not help but smile at the scene before him. What he beheld was a sight 
that was rarely seen in the Masaki household. Ryoko, Ayeka, Washu, and Sasami 
were already eating, but that was not the astounding thing. No one was fighting. 
Washu was oblivious to all while she held a bowl of rice to her face and 
shoveled the food into her mouth, Ayeka and Sasami were chatting about this and 
that, Ryo-ohki was happily munching on a carrot, and Ryoko was sitting and 
feeding Mayuka. The one year old infant was smiling and giggling as Ryoko was 
making plane noises while handling a spoon of puréed carrots. 

	"Oh, good morning, Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka as she noticed him standing in 
the doorway.
	
	"Good morning, Miss Ayeka," he answered with a smile as he sat down at the 
table. 

	"Hi, Tenchi!" said Sasami with one of her million dollar smiles. "You stay 
right there, and I'll get you your breakfast." She was up and moving before 
Tenchi could say anything.

	Washu mumbled something to him between mouthfuls of rice, but Tenchi was 
at a loss for what the little red head might have said. Tenchi tensed and looked 
to his left waiting for Ryoko to glomp on him. It never came. She was still 
engrossed in feeding little Mayuka to have noticed that he was even there. He 
shrugged and looked back just as Sasami placed food in front of him. Tenchi 
thanked the little princess and began to eat. "Where's Kiyone and Mihoshi?"

	"They were called up to space earlier this morning," answered Ayeka. 
"Kiyone says not to expect them back until tomorrow." She picked up her teacup 
and took a small sip. "I guess that means they will not be present for tonight's 
trip into the city."

	"That's too bad," added Sasami with a frown. "I know Mihoshi was looking 
forward to going to that carnival tonight."

	"She'll get over it," said Washu as she finished emptying her third bowl 
of rice. The small scientist placed the bowl down in front of her, stretched, 
and burped. "Aahh. That was great, Sasami. This should keep me going for a 
couple more days." She rose and headed out of the kitchen.

	"Miss Washu!" cried Ayeka. "Where are you going? It is your turn to wash 
the dishes!" The violet haired princess's only answer was the sound of Washu's 
lab door closing.  "Well," huffed the princess.

	"All gone," chimed Ryoko in a singsong voice as she placed Mayuka's empty 
carrot bowl on the table. "Here, Washu. You can clean this now." When no answer 
came, she looked away from Mayuka for the first time. She stared at the spot 
where Washu had been for a moment and then looked around the room. Her feline 
eyes lit up immediately when she saw Tenchi. "Tenchiiii, darling," she cried as 
she threw her arms around his neck. The sudden weight of Ryoko around his neck 
caused Tenchi to sputter and spit out the fish that was in his mouth. 

	"Ryoko!" he tried to say between attempts to breath and swallow what was 
left in his mouth. 

	"RYOKO!" shouted Ayeka. She grabbed the demoness by the left arm and 
pulled her off the gasping Tenchi. "You nearly killed Lord Tenchi! Look, he is 
choking on his breakfast!"

	The cyan haired woman snorted and shot the princess a cold stare. "Please, 
little princess. He's choking because he looked at your face. Nobody should be 
forced to look at your pinched little puss or hear your squeaky little voice 
this early in the morning." She smiled and tickled Mayuka under the chin. "Isn't 
that right, Mayuka?" The toddler giggled.

	By this time, Tenchi had successfully caught his breath. He tried to stop 
the fight that was brewing, but was cut off by Ayeka. "That is it! This is the 
last time I let you ruin my morning, monster woman!" Power logs shimmered into 
existence around the table. 
	
	Mayuka suddenly burst into tears from all the shouting. Ryoko patted her 
on the head as she rose from her seat. "Don't worry, honey. The purple haired 
twit won't hurt mommy." Red energy began to crackle between her fingers.

	"MOMMY!" shouted Ayeka again. "It will be a cold day in hell before you 
are her mother, you mannerless tramp! If anyone will be her mother it will be 
me!" A force field shimmered to life around the princess.

	With their powers already being displayed, Tenchi knew that the fight was 
past the point of being stopped. He reached out and grabbed his crying daughter, 
who stopped shedding tears the moment she was in her father's hands. Tenchi 
bolted for the living room, and Sasami was not far behind with Ryo-ohki on her 
head. "I really wish that they wouldn't do that in the kitchen. I was just 
getting used to that new stove," moaned the little princess as she trailed the 
fleeing Tenchi.

	"I just wish they wouldn't fight at all," said Tenchi with a sigh. He 
stopped at the front door and looked at Mayuka. "Are you okay?" he asked with a 
half smile.

	"Daddy," she said with a giggle. 

	Tenchi winced as the baby reached out and grabbed his right ear. Once she 
let go, he handed the child to Sasami. "I'm going out to the fields now, Sasami. 
You'd better go and tell Little Washu that we'll need the kitchen fixed." His 
comment was justified by an explosion from behind them followed by female 
screams of anger. 

	Despite the carnage happening in the kitchen, Sasami smiled at Tenchi. 
"Don't worry, Tenchi. I'll take care of it. And remember that we're leaving for 
the carnival at seven o'clock." Tenchi nodded, patted his daughter on the head, 
and left for the carrot fields. 

	Once outside, Tenchi pulled on his shoes and picked up a basket for the 
carrots. He counted to ten before starting out and smiled when he heard a 
familiar meow. Ryo-ohki, in cabbit form, scampered up to him and started to rub 
up against his leg. With his self appointed helper at his side, Tenchi Masaki 
started his walk towards the carrot fields. The roof of the Masaki home exploded 
behind him, and Tenchi just shook his head and sighed. It was another normal day 
after all.

_____

	Ryoko stood in front of the mirror inspecting herself. Her black tail 
twitched as she smoothed out the wrinkles on her blue and gold striped dress. 
She smiled and winked at her reflection. "You are soooo beautiful." The demoness 
was happy that her dress had not been damaged during the fight. The kitchen 
might have been in ruins, but as long as her dress was intact, she was happy. 
Satisfied with her appearance, the cyan haired beauty teleported and reappeared 
in the remains of the kitchen. Some of Washu's drones were already repairing the 
damage. Sasami was sifting through the rubble looking for anything that was 
still salvageable. Her light blue pigtails swayed back and forth as she went 
about her business.

	The demoness watched as the princess tried to lift up a large piece of 
stone. Ryoko shrugged and lifted the rock up with one hand. Sasami's pink eyes 
went wide when she seemed to lift the rock all by herself. The shock left her 
face when she realized that Ryoko was standing there. "Oh, thanks, Ryoko." 

	"No problem, kiddo," answered Ryoko. She tossed the rock over her 
shoulder, which inadvertently landed on one of Washu's drones. She winced and 
turned back to Sasami. "Sasami, where's Mayuka?"

	Sasami dusted off a dented teapot before speaking. "Tenchi took her out of 
the kitchen before you and Ayeka started fighting. Then I took her up to her 
crib for a nap." She frowned and tossed the teapot back into the rubble.

	Ryoko went pale for a second. When she and Ayeka had started fighting, it 
had never occurred to her where Mayuka was in relation to the battle. How could 
she have so easily forgotten that the child had been right between them? Unsure 
if she could stay standing, Ryoko sat down on the remaining half of the kitchen 
counter. How on earth could she possibly be a good parent to Mayuka if the 
slightest fight with Ayeka blinded her to the child? And what was Tenchi 
thinking about all this? This situation did not look good for either herself or 
Ayeka. Ryoko blinked when she realized Sasami was talking to her.

	"Are you okay, Ryoko? You look like you've just seen a ghost."

	The former space pirate quickly threw on a fake smile for the little 
princess. "I...I'm fine Sasami." She knew she had to talk to Ayeka immediately. 
"Sasami, where's your sister?"

	"She's in the onsen. Why?" but Ryoko was already gone.

_____

	Wrapped in a towel, Princess Ayeka Jurai lounged in the steamy waters of 
the floating onsen. The princess smiled to herself as she thought of what the 
night was going to bring. They had all been to carnivals before, but this was 
going to be different. Tonight she would finally tell Tenchi how she felt about 
him. Somehow, she would separate him from the rest of the group during the night 
and proceed to take him to all the romantic points of the carnival. And once she 
had his confession of love, she would be sure to tell Ryoko as soon as possible. 
Yes, and then that demon woman would be so upset that she would leave. Ayeka 
opened her eyes and frowned slightly. Ryoko was her rival for Tenchi's 
affections, but she did not really want to hurt the other woman. They were, 
after all, friends in a fashion.

	"Ayeka?"

	The princess nearly jumped clear out of the water as Ryoko appeared above 
her. "Ryoko!" snapped Ayeka. "You know better than to sneak up on me while I am 
in here." She tightened her towel and settled back into the water.

	"Yeah, sorry about that, chipmunk, but we need to talk about something."

	Ayeka let that last comment pass. She summoned up what was left of her 
royal training and looked up at the former space pirate. "Well? What do you 
want?"

	Ryoko crossed her legs and floated above the water. "I think that we need 
to cool it for a while."

	"What on earth are you talking about now, Ryoko?"

	Ryoko huffed. "I mean you and me, ya twit. I think that we need to stop 
fighting for a while."

	Ayeka's dark pink eyes narrowed. "Calling me a 'twit' is not the way to go 
about doing that," she growled.

	Ryoko floated down to Ayeka's eye level. "Do you remember where Mayuka was 
when we started fighting this morning?"

	"Of course I do," she answered immediately. "She was right between you 
and..." Her eyes went wide at the discovery.  

	"That's right, princess," said Ryoko. "We got so wrapped up in our usual 
routine that we nearly hurt the kid."

	"I think you are right for once, Ryoko. We must start to watch ourselves 
whenever Mayuka is around." She extended her hand to the former pirate. 

	Ryoko took the princess's hand and shook it. "No fighting around the baby. 
Now that that's settled." She vanished suddenly from Ayeka's line of sight. The 
princess was about to call out to the other woman when cold water suddenly 
cascaded all over her head. Ayeka screamed in rage, but the only thing left of 
Ryoko was the echo of her laughter.

_____

	Tenchi wiped the sweat from his forehead and looked up.  He and Ryo-Ohki, 
in toddler form, were just coming up on the front gate to the house. Tenchi 
shifted the basket of carrots on his back and trudged forward. Ryo-Ohki meowed 
happily as she walked beside him. A small basket of carrots was nestled between 
her tiny arms. As they neared the gate, the two Guardians, Azaka and Kamidake, 
greeted him. "Good day, Lord Tenchi," they said in unison. 

	"Such beautiful spring like weather," said Azaka.

	"Uh, it is summer, Azaka," countered Kamidake.

	"Such beautiful summer like weather," said Azaka after a small pause.

	"Don't quit your day jobs, guys," muttered Tenchi as he walked past them 
and into the front yard of the Masaki home. 

	"Hi, Tenchi!" called Sasami from the front door. Ryo-ohki meowed and ran 
towards her friend. "Hi, Ryo-ohki! Were you helping Tenchi in the fields?" The 
cabbit toddler nodded while jumping up and down. Sasami took the small basket of 
carrots and looked back at Tenchi. "Tenchi, could you put the rest of the 
carrots in the shed?"

	"Okay, Sasami," he called back. Tenchi shifted the basket on his back one 
more time and headed for the shed next to the house. He paused for a second when 
he saw Ryoko sitting on the steps in front of the shed. Leg muscles tensed in 
anticipation of a glomping. "Uh, hey there, Ryoko," he said carefully.

	She looked up and smiled at him. "Hi, Tenchi," she answered without 
moving. When she didn't jump on him, Tenchi relaxed some. "Can I talk to you for 
a second?" she asked hopefully.

	He stopped in front of her and removed the carrots from his back. "Sure, I 
guess so. What's up?"

	Ryoko stood up and looked down. "Well," she began. Tenchi noticed that her 
right foot was twisting back and forth in the dirt. "I...wanted to...apologize 
for the fight this morning." She raised her head slightly, and Tenchi saw the 
tops of her golden eyes. "Ayeka and I shouldn't have fought in front of Mayuka. 
I just wanted to say that I was sorry." She looked down again continuing to 
twist her foot on the ground.

	Tenchi was slightly shocked at Ryoko's actions. He briefly wondered if 
this was Zero's influence, or if Ryoko was actually maturing. Despite what 
brought it on, Tenchi knew that he should not look a gift horse in the mouth. 
"It's okay, Ryoko," he said with a smile. "Thanks for owning up to it."

	An ear to ear grin appeared on her face. Just as soon as she appeared the 
mature Ryoko was gone, and normal Ryoko had wrapped herself around Tenchi's 
neck. He gasped for air as the stronger Ryoko began to crush him in a bear hug. 
"Ryoko," he wheezed. "I...have...to...put...these carrots...away."

	She loosened her grip slightly, and Tenchi took in a sweet breath of 
oxygen. "But, Tenchiiii," she purred. "I want to thank you for thanking me." She 
began to grope his chest. 

	Somehow, Tenchi managed to escape from Ryoko's hands and step away. "Not 
now, Ryoko," he said quickly. "Maybe later." He shut his mouth just as quickly. 
Did he just say that?

	Eyes twinkling with glee, and a smile that would make Sasami proud, Ryoko 
stared at him. "I'll hold you to that one, *my* Tenchi." She vanished before he 
could get a word in edge wise. He looked at his watch. It was two in the 
afternoon. He still had to train with Grandpa before dinner. Noboyuki would be 
home in a few hours, and then Tenchi was going to take all the girls out to the 
carnival in the city. Tenchi sighed and shook his head for the twentieth time 
that day. He wondered if there would be anything left of him by the time he went 
to bed tonight.

________

	Ayeka took a deep breath and went up the stairs towards Tenchi's room. She 
knew he was about to go to practice with her brother, so there was only a couple 
of minutes to talk to him. Tenchi had just left his room as she reached the top 
of the stairs. He was tying his training gi on when she walked up to him. "Oh, 
hello, Miss Ayeka. Can I help you with something?" He blinked his soft brown 
eyes at her.

	She felt her heart begin to beat faster. Ayeka shouted at herself to stay 
calm. "I just wanted to say I was sorry for fighting with Ryoko this morning, 
Lord Tenchi," she said quickly.

	"Wow," said Tenchi with wide eyes and a smile. "That's two apologies in 
thirty minutes. There must be something in the air."

	"What do you mean, Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka inwardly tensed.

	"Well," started Tenchi. "Ryoko also apologized for the fight." Ayeka 
cursed herself for not acting sooner. Well, she would have the last laugh this 
time. She suddenly realized that she had been silent for several seconds. "Miss 
Ayeka?" asked Tenchi.

	"Yes, Lord Tenchi?"

	"I'd like to ask you something." Her heart began to race. Was he going to 
ask her about her feelings towards him? She nodded for him to continue. "I would 
really appreciate it if you and Ryoko would try not to fight tonight at the 
carnival." Ayeka inwardly face faulted. 

	The princess crossed her arms and turned her head. "Why are you telling me 
this? Why not tell Ryoko to behave? After all, she starts it."

	"I...I'm not blaming you or anything, Ayeka," stuttered Tenchi. "It's just 
that Ryoko disappeared before I could say anything to her. So, if she does 
anything tonight, please don't over react, and just let me handle it." He gave 
her a slight smile. "Okay?"

	Ayeka saw her chance. "On one condition, Lord Tenchi."

	"Uh, heh heh. What?"

	"You must promise to join me on at least one ride of my choosing." She 
gave him the sweetest smile she could muster. "If you promise, then I promise 
not to fight with Ryoko. Deal?"

	Tenchi scratched the back of his head. "I g...guess that would be all 
right if it keeps you two from destroying the carnival." He smiled again and 
left to go to practice. Ayeka was beaming with joy. Yes, it was going to be a 
glorious night.

_______

	Tenchi stepped out of the bushes and into the small clearing that his 
grandfather used for training purposes. Katsuhito was sitting on his customary 
rock waiting for his grandson. "Ah, Tenchi. It is about time that you got here. 
Did you bring the Tenchi-ken like I asked?" Tenchi nodded. "Good," was all he 
said. Then with unmatched speed, the old man released a barrage of stones at 
Tenchi.

	Instincts taking over, Tenchi pulled the Tenchi-ken from inside his gi and 
ignited it. The blue blade of energy flashed back and forth in front of him 
disintegrating every stone. When the barrage ceased, Tenchi looked at his 
grandfather warningly. The old man had a half smile on his face. "Good, boy." A 
blue energy sword appeared in his hand, and he leapt from his rock at Tenchi.

Tenchi brought up the Tenchi-ken just in time to parry Katsuhito's first slash. 
Both blades sizzled as they crossed. The old man disengaged, shifted to his left 
and thrusted at Tenchi's right thigh. Tenchi batted the other blade away and 
jumped back. Katsuhito pressed his attack with various thrusts and slashes at 
Tenchi's torso. The young man, mostly out of panic and the desire not to be 
burned, frantically parried each attack. After a few more seconds of back 
peddling, Tenchi was finally able to achieve a good defensive posture. He soon 
found himself successfully anticipating his grandfather's attacks. Katsuhito's 
sword slashed at his head. Tenchi stopped it half way and counter attacked for 
the first time. He thrust at the other's head. His grandfather dropped to one 
knee, but Tenchi was able to keep Tenchi-ken's blade level at the old man's 
neck. 

	Tenchi let out a small hoot of joy, but stopped when Katsuhito cleared his 
throat. The old man gestured down with his eyes. Tenchi looked down to find a 
blue blade inches from his stomach. He swallowed hard and stared at his 
grandfather. Katsuhito laughed and extinguished his blade. Tenchi followed by 
shutting off Tenchi-ken. "That was very good, Tenchi," he said finally. "I 
believe that is the first time you have tied with me."

	"Uh, thanks, Grandpa," replied Tenchi. "But even though I got you, you 
would have taken me down with you."

	Katsuhito nodded. "Yes, I would have." He stood back up and sat back on 
his rock. "You must remember that with victory sometimes comes defeat. But that 
is not the lesson I meant to teach you today. I asked you to bring the Tenchi-
ken, so that our session would be more realistic. A warrior fights differently 
when his life is actually at stake. That is the way you must enter each battle, 
Tenchi. Whether the battle is physical or mental, you must always be prepared to 
lose your life. Then and only then will you be able to access your full 
potential."

	Tenchi nodded at the lesson his grandfather had just taught him. "Now as a 
new part of the training, I want you to always carry Tenchi-ken with you. After 
all, you never know when you may need it." Tenchi knew that his grandfather was 
right. With the way his "family" attracted danger, having the sword with him 
might not be a bad idea. Especially since he still had not figured out how to 
summon the Light Hawk Wings without it being a life or death situation.

	Katsuhito picked up another handful of stones. "We still have time yet 
before dinner. Let's practice your agility skills some more." Tenchi ignited his 
sword again as another barrage of stones came his way.

_______

	He was in a good mood. Ziasha Corodune was, in fact, beyond a good mood. 
Sitting in the bridge of his ship the Dark Heart, he watched as the stars around 
him spread endlessly into space. Ziasha rose from his command chair and moved 
about the bridge. He was over six feet tall with long green hair that went past 
his shoulders. His features were angular, and his skin was pale. His red irises 
rarely blinked while he scanned space. His pants and shirt were black, while the 
vest he wore was a dark green. He had no visible weapons, but then again he did 
not need them. The green haired man laughed out loud and returned to his chair.

	Life could not be better. His cargo bays were filled with money and the 
priceless artifacts he prized so much. And to top it all off, anyone who had 
seen him was dead. A small black flame appeared in his right hand as he thought 
of all the carnage he had wrought the day before. He absently turned on a view 
screen to see if his exploits had made the news. A screen appeared in the air 
with an orange haired man reading off a piece of paper. Ziasha turned up the 
volume.

	"A Juraian historical center in the Beta Tao system was attacked 
yesterday," said the news castor. "Reports say that all artifacts and money 
being held in the facility were taken by an unknown party. Aside from the stolen 
items, the mysterious attacker also left over fifty bodies behind in a mass 
killing. Because of this there are no living eyewitnesses to the crime. In 
response to this..."

	Ziasha laughed again and shut the screen off. He did not care what the 
Juraians or the GP did in response to his little romp in the Beta Tao system. No 
one knew who he was, therefore, he was completely safe. Suddenly curious where 
exactly he was, Ziasha leaned over and punched up the coordinates of his 
location. Sector 0315, the Solar system. A backwater system that even the GP 
didn't patrol heavily. He increased his hyperdrive speed by .5 and settled back. 
He guessed it would be another ten hours before he reached his next target. He 
closed his eyes and visions of the Beta Tao attack began to dance in his mind.

	A shrill beeping brought him out of his revelry. He groaned and looked at 
his control board. "Dammit," he hissed in his raspy voice. "Of course there has 
to be at least one GP ship exactly where I am." He was angry, but it was not 
really a big deal. After all, the Dark Heart was an enhanced GP cruiser itself. 

	There was a crackling noise as the GP ship tried to contact him. "This is 
Detective First Class Kiyone Makibi of the Galaxy Police patrol cruiser Yagami," 
came a female voice over the COM. "The Solar System in a non-interference zone, 
which means you can't be here, pal. You are hereby ordered to stop and prepare 
for an inspection as stated under Galaxy Police regulation 862-3. After which 
you will be escorted out of the system and allowed to continue on your way."

	Ziasha huffed and kicked his hyperdive up another .5 in power. Next he 
started to charge the Dark Heart's plasma cannons. One GP cruiser would not be a 
bad addition to his tally.

_______

	Kiyone Makibi cursed under her breath when the ship on her scanners showed 
no signs of stopping. When it increased its speed, she knew that it was going to 
be one of those days. "I hate it when they run," she muttered. She increased the 
Yagami's speed to match the fleeing cruiser. She pushed a button and a view 
screen popped into existence.

	"Wow, Kiyone," said her partner, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, from her seat. "That 
ship looks just like ours. I wonder if the pilot is from the Galaxy Police, 
too?"

	Kiyone watched as the black hulled GP cruiser on the screen increased its 
speed yet again in an attempt to get away. The teal haired GP groaned and gave 
her partner a cold stare. "Mihoshi, if it was one of ours, why is it trying to 
get away from us?"

	Mihoshi blinked her blue eyes and scratched her blond head. "Hmmm. Maybe 
we just surprised it?"

	Kiyone was about to rip into the blond ditz, when the alarms started to go 
off. She spun around and checked the censors. The black GP ship had now turned 
around and was heading straight for them with weapons charged. Kiyone barely got 
the Yagami's shields up before the other ship opened fire. Orange blasts of 
plasma impacted on the red GP ship sending both Kiyone and Mihoshi flying from 
their seats.

	"Kiiiyyyooonnneee!" cried Mihoshi. "What's going on?" Tears were starting 
to build in her eyes.

	Kiyone scrambled back into her chair and switched the Yagami over to 
manual steering. She grabbed the control stick with two hands and pulled back 
sending the Yagami up into a crescent turn. "That thing is packing plasma 
cannons!" she shouted back. "Standard GP cruisers aren't equipped to handle that 
level of fire power. This guy is definitely not one of ours." She jerked the 
stick back and forth as more plasma blasts rocked the shields. "Our shields 
can't handle much more of this! Those plasma bolts will tear us apart in another 
minute!"

	"I don't wanna be torn apart!" cried Mihoshi. "Do something, Kiyone!"

	"Grab the wheel and keep us in one piece, Mihoshi!" ordered Kiyone. Given 
something to do, the blond GP instantly ceased her wailing and jumped into the 
pilot's seat. She grabbed the control stick and proceeded to avoid the plasma 
blasts. Kiyone raised her eyebrows in surprise before turning to the ship's 
computer.

	Kiyone's fingers danced over the keyboard and the schematics for the 
Yagami's censor arrays popped up on the screen. She began to reroute power from 
some of the ships secondary systems into the Yagami's censor arrays. "What are 
you doing, Kiyone?" asked Mihoshi from the pilot's chair.

	"I'm putting something Washu taught me to use," she answered. "I'm pulling 
as much energy as I can into the censor array, and then I'm giving that energy 
an extra magnetic charge. Washu told me that a well aimed electro magnetic pulse 
can disable any mechanical system." What Kiyone didn't say was that Washu had 
started using EMP emitters as back up plans for whenever Mihoshi screwed up one 
of her experiments. That way, one blast could shut down the experiment before 
too much damage was caused.

	Kiyone waited a few more seconds before magnetizing the gathered energy. 
"Okay, Mihoshi! Get me a clear shot!"

	"Roger!" answered Mihoshi. In a combination of moves that only the gods of 
luck could possibly understand, Mihoshi somehow turned the Yagami around to face 
their foe. The two ships were now heading straight for each other. Knowing that 
this was her only chance, Kiyone released the built up energy in the censors. A 
white wave of energy flew from the Yagami and washed over the attacking cruiser. 

	The black ship stopped dead in space, but the Yagami was still heading 
towards it with a full head of steam. Kiyone's eyes went wide. "Mihoshi! Turn 
the ship, NOW!" The blond GP cried out in response and jerked the control stick 
in eight different directions. Kiyone shouted various choice phrases as she was 
thrown about the Yagami's bridge. After a few hectic minutes of steering, the 
Yagami finally came to a stop not far from the derelict black cruiser. Kiyone 
moaned in pain from her place on the floor of the bridge.

	"I'm going...to...kill you, Mihoshi," mumbled Kiyone.


To be continued...

Notes: While this is not my first fanfic, this is my first Tenchi fic. If you 
have comments send them to Roas1@hotmail.com . Hope this is living up to Tenchi 
standards. 
