Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses


"Where Is Everybody?"


	The small group from earth stepped off of the Yagami and into the court 
yard before the palace of the Imperial Palace of Jurai. In the center of the 
yard were the remains of a fountain shaped like a space tree. Walk ways were 
cracked, and any visible patches of grass were ash gray. The walls and rising 
towers of the royal palace, however, were intact. There was not a blemish on its 
pearl white walls. A gigantic space tree rose up from the center of the Palace 
casting a shadow over most of the ruined city. The entire group was in awe at 
the scene before them. 

	All of them, with the exception of Sasami, were dressed for battle. 
Tenchi, Ayeka, and even Katsuhito were wearing Juraian battle garb. Ryoko was 
wearing her red and black fighting suit. Kiyone and Mihoshi kept their GP 
uniforms on. Washu was wearing her green and tan traveling suit and all of her 
red hair was pulled under a small green hat on her head. Tenchi gripped Tenchi-
ken in his right hand and looked over his group of friends. Mayuka had been 
secured under several layers of forcefields and was being guarded by Azaka and 
Kamidake. Tenchi wished silently that she would remain safe while they all dealt 
with what ever now occupied Jurai.

	Tenchi nodded, and they all started walking toward the Palace's outer 
gate. They had not walked ten yards, when Sasami let out an audible gasp. Tenchi 
turned to see the little princess clutching Ryo-ohki tightly to her chest. 
"Tenchi," she whispered. "Something very bad is here."

	Tenchi looked back at the Palace gates just in time to see a tall, green 
haired man walking towards them. His muscles rippled under his black clothes 
with every step he took. Tenchi also noted the green stripes on the sides of his 
face. For a moment, he thought they looked more like scars than paint. The green 
haired man stopped fifteen yards from the group. He closed his red eyes and 
bowed to them.

	"Allow me to welcome you to Jurai," he said in a deep, raspy voice. "My 
name is Ziasha Corodune, and due to some...interesting turn of events, I am the 
current ruler here." The only thing that stopped Ayeka from attacking outright 
was her brother's strong grip on her shoulders.

	"So, you are the one responsible for all of this," said Tenchi sternly. It 
was not meant to be a question. 

	The man, Ziasha, smiled and chuckled. "You are Tenchi Masaki. Correct?"

	Tenchi's eyes thinned. "How did you know my name?"

	Ziasha laughed again and folded his arms. "Let me get to the point. I have 
a proposition for you." He took several steps towards them. "Simply put. Hand 
over the goddess child and Washu, and I will let the rest of you live."

	Tenchi-ken flared to life. "I'll die before I let you touch either of 
them," growled the Juraian prince. 

	The green haired man let his arms fall to his sides. "I was hoping you 
would want to do it this way." Black fire surrounded his hands. "Come to me, 
boy. Let's see how good you really are."

	Giving in to his emotions, Tenchi charged Ziasha. Everyone behind him 
called out, but this sudden rage had overcome Tenchi. He did not know why, but 
for some reason he had to fight this man. It was almost as if fate commanded it.  
Tenchi slashed at Ziasha, but the other man nimbly jumped aside. Ziasha 
responded by releasing a stream of fire from his left hand. The fire bounced 
harmlessly off of a shield created by Ayeka. Tenchi lunged quickly at his 
enemy's chest. The young prince cried out as Ziasha's hand passed right through 
Ayeka's shield and grabbed his wrist. Ziasha used Tenchi's momentum and threw 
him to the ground. 

	Tenchi covered his head, rolled several yards and back onto his feet. He 
spun around just in time to see Ryoko attack Ziasha. The former space pirate 
roared in anger and released a massive energy blast. Tenchi covered his eyes to 
shield them from the explosion of Ryoko's anger. Nothing usually survived one of 
Ryoko's giant blasts, but when the smoke cleared Ziasha was unscathed. Tenchi 
started to shake when he saw the five dark Light Hawk Wings floating in front of 
the dark warrior. "This is not good," he muttered.

_____

	Ziasha raised his arms and let his Wings wash over him. The black and gray 
Light Hawk Armor replaced his clothes. He reached out and converted another Wing 
into his black bladed Light Hawk Sword. He looked at the creator of the energy 
discharge. "That was quite a lot of power, Daughter of Washu, but it was not 
nearly enough." He raised the blade and flew at her.

	The group scattered in all directions except for Ryoko. She stood her 
ground and clashed with Ziasha. Her red sword parried each of his slashes. 
Ziasha was impressed at her ability to stand toe to toe with him, even if it was 
for just a few moments. His Light Hawk Sword sliced her energy sword in half. 
Tokimi's Champion snatched a handful of her cyan hair and drove a knee into her 
face. Ryoko grunted in pain, but remained conscious. Ziasha lifted her up to his 
face. "Don't you have any Light Hawk Wings of your own, Daughter of Washu?" he 
taunted. "I thought all the chosen of the goddesses were able to summon them?" 

	Foot steps were coming at him from behind and the right side. Ziasha 
dropped Ryoko and parried Katsuhito's first attack. "Prince Yosho," he said. 
"What will you do?" He disengaged, turned, and batted away Tenchi's blue blade. 
"And what of your Wings, boy?" 

	"Go to hell!" snarled Tenchi.

	Ziasha pushed Tenchi's sword aside and created a shield to block 
Katsuhito's second attack. Ziasha flexed his shoulders, and one of the black 
Wings lanced out and exploded on the old man's chest. The Juraian cried out as 
he fell away. Tokimi's Champion returned his attention to Tsunami's boy. The boy 
thrust and slashed at the dark warrior in a mad frenzy. Ziasha parried each 
attack easily and found that he was frowning. This was not what he had hoped 
for. Yes, the boy was strong, but he was not exhibiting the power that Lady 
Tokimi had described. This puny little mortal was supposed to have power on par 
with his. "Baaaahhhh!" shouted Ziasha. He released a black beam of energy into 
Tenchi's chest. "This is boring me. I expected more from you, boy," he told the 
sprawled out Tenchi. "I'll finish you last. Watch as I kill your friends and 
family first."

	He forgot about the boy for a moment and scanned the court yard. Prince 
Yosho was barely moving after being hit with that black Wing. The Daughter of 
Washu was up again and charging up to attack him. Those two GP women were firing 
their blasters at him, but the bolts bounced harmlessly off of his shield. Washu 
and the goddess child were nowhere to be seen. Princess Ayeka stood behind 
Washu's brat also preparing to attack. 

	A black ribbon of energy appeared in Ziasha's right hand. He opened his 
fist and sent it flying at the GP's. The women screamed as the ground beneath 
them exploded. The cyan haired bitch charged him with her red energy sword. His 
black Sword materialized to parry her attack. Princess Ayeka's blue bolt nearly 
connected with his head, but Ziasha's shield reformed to absorb it. He converted 
the shield into multiple ribbons and fired them at Ayeka. He looked back to 
Ryoko and smiled at Ayeka's horrified scream.

	"I'll kill you, you BASTARD!" shouted Ryoko. She tried to follow up her 
promise by releasing a barrage of hair needles, energy bolts, and slashes with 
her sword.

	Ziasha was actually forced to levitate off the ground in order to move 
fast enough to parry her attacks. She vanished, but his Wings absorbed her 
blasts from behind him. Ziasha also vanished and reappeared right next to Ryoko. 
She jabbed her sword at his head immediately. Ziasha merely tilted his head 
slightly, and she missed. He raised his left hand to her face and fired a blast 
of Wing energy. She screamed and fell backwards. Ziasha grabbed her before she 
could fall, and threw the cyan haired bitch near the twitching Ayeka.

	"Good bye, ladies," he called out to them. His Sword became a ball of 
power, and the dark warrior prepared to loose it at the prone women. "Give my 
regards to the rest of the dead." He raised his hand to throw the ball. 

	"NO!" ordered someone from behind Ziasha. 

	He looked over his shoulder and smiled. "So, the boy shows his colors at 
last."

_____

	Tenchi watched helplessly as the man called Ziasha knocked his friends 
around like they were dolls. Ryoko was attacking him with a vengeance again. 
Tenchi tried to get to his feet to help her, but the burning in his chest made 
it hard for him to breath. Fear gripped his heart as Ziasha defeated Ryoko and 
tossed her on top of Ayeka's body. 

	"Good bye, ladies. Give my regards to the rest of the dead."

	Tenchi's eyes thinned. His mind went blank at the sight of his closest 
friends about to die. Emotions went numb and doubt disappeared. He pushed, and 
the inner barrier shattered. Three green triangles appeared on the young man's 
forehead. All wounds vanished, and Tenchi jumped to his feet. Three blue Light 
Hawk Wings appeared before him in the air. "NO!" he shouted.

	Ziasha's ball of power vanished, and he turned to face Tenchi. "I see you 
are finally ready to fight me, boy."

	Tenchi raised his arms, and the blue Wings passed over him. The warrior of 
Tsunami willed the white and blue Light Hawk Armor to encase his body. He took 
hold of a Wing and created his white bladed Light Hawk Sword. Ziasha summoned 
his own Sword and soared at Tenchi with a roar. Tenchi lifted off and charged 
Ziasha with his own battle cry. The two warriors collided with an explosion of 
power. 

_____

	Ryoko groaned and held her face with both hands. She had already healed 
the major damage done by Ziasha, but her face and chest still hurt like hell. 
Ayeka also moaned next to her. Ryoko dropped her hands as the two Light Hawk 
Wing bearers charged each other. Sparks of power flashed as the two Swords 
clashed. Ryoko smiled. Ziasha was no longer boasting about his strength. With 
her enhanced vision, she could see that he was bringing all his power to bear 
against Tenchi. The two of them fenced back and forth ten feet off the ground. 
Neither fighter could get past the defenses of the other.

	The Light Hawk Swords continued to cross and shed waves of sparks. Ziasha 
lunged. Tenchi parried with a downward thrust and brought the pommel of his 
Sword right into Ziasha's face. The dark warrior's head shot back. Tenchi 
followed up with a slash at his head, but Ziasha teleported behind him. Tenchi 
instinctively spun around in time to deflect the attack aimed at his own head. 
The duel continued until the blades crossed like an X between the two men. They 
growled like raging beasts and pushed away from each other. Both of them went 
flying in opposite directions.

	A black ribbon of energy flew from Ziasha's hand at Tenchi. An arm length 
shield appeared around Tenchi's left arm to disperse the ribbon. Tenchi 
countered by converting his Sword into a blue bolt and throwing it at Ziasha. 
The dark warrior dodged it and charged Tenchi again. Tenchi changed his arm 
shield into another Sword and met the other man's attack. They passed each other 
and more sparks filled the air. Light Hawk Wings appeared in front of both 
Tenchi and Ziasha. The power of the Wings crackled in the air between them.

	Ryoko sensed movement behind her. She spun around to find Washu and Sasami 
creeping up on her and Ayeka. "Where the hell have you been, Washu?" snapped 
Ryoko.

	Washu gave her one of those infuriating smiles of hers. "With you crazy 
people blowing everything up, it was no place for me or Sasami." Ryo-ohki meowed 
from a top Sasami's head. Washu's face became serious when she saw the dueling 
men. "Tenchi's summoned his Light Hawk Wings." Ryoko could hear the internal 
typing of her mother's mind while she watched blue and black Light Hawk Wing 
power flash back and forth. "What I wouldn't give to have this happening under 
different circumstances," whispered Washu.

	Ryoko punched her in the arm. Washu made a face at her and started to help 
Ayeka up. "You get her highness out of here," ordered Ryoko.

	"What are you going to do, Ryoko?" asked Sasami.

	The former space pirate looked back to where the man she loved was 
fighting against pure evil. Tenchi and Ziasha swung their blades with all their 
strength. Both Swords struck with such force that they exploded. The two 
warriors were thrown away by the impact of the blast. Ziasha was only twenty 
yards from Ryoko. Her sword appeared in her right hand. "I'm going to help 
Tenchi," she told Sasami. 

	"Ryoko! No!" cried Washu in vain. Ryoko was already flying at full speed 
towards Ziasha.

_____

	The explosion sent Ziasha hurtling in the opposite direction from Tenchi. 
Tokimi's Champion halted his flight and hovered in the air. He could not believe 
the boy's power! Never had he seen such strength so close to his own! "I must 
kill him," he growled. "I...must...KILL HIM!"

	His warning senses flared. He phased backwards, and Ryoko's attack killed 
only air. Ziasha reformed his body and grabbed her neck from behind. He squeezed 
and lifted her higher into the air. "That was not wise, Daughter of Washu!" Dark 
energy erupted from his hand and started to run all over her body. Ryoko 
screamed in pain. "Now die, bitch!"

_____

	Tenchi righted himself in midair and searched for Ziasha. There was a 
horrible scream, and Tenchi whipped his head around to see Ziasha electrocuting 
Ryoko. Rage filled Tenchi's entire being. Without thinking, the Juraian prince 
summoned all the power of his Light Hawk Wings and released it in the direction 
of Ziasha.

_____

	He was enjoying killing the cyan haired bitch. Ziasha was so focused on 
his fun, that he almost missed the large build up of Light Hawk Power. His mouth 
curled back into a feral sneer, and Ziasha dropped the piece of trash in his 
right hand. The only thing that mattered was killing the boy. To be the most 
powerful being in the universe, after his Lady, the boy had to die. Ziasha 
opened the flood gates to his power and released it all. A black wave of Wing 
power shot from his hands and slammed up against a similar blue wave.

	The thunderous backwash of power opened up a mile long gash perpendicular 
to Tenchi and Ziasha. Ziasha began to pour all of his being into his attack. He 
could feel the boy Tenchi doing the same. Nothing would stop him! He would be 
victorious over this whelp!

	"ZIASHA!" shouted D3 in the dark warrior's mind. "You must stop this 
foolishness now!"

	"No!" shouted Ziasha. "I must destroy him! My power must be absolute!"

	"Destroying yourself in the process will not prove anything!" countered 
D3. "That will not help Lady Tokimi!"

	"I!" 

	His power increased. 

	"Must!" 

	Tenchi's power increased. 

	"WIN!"

	An explosion the likes of which no one, including D3, had ever seen 
enveloped the entire planet of Jurai. There was nothing except light. For one 
brief moment, Jurai ceased to exist. Then the light was gone, and the now ash 
gray planet reappeared. Standing on the ground below where he had been hovering, 
Ziasha had his arms over his head. His Light Hawk Armor faded away, and he 
lowered his arms. The dark warrior looked around to see that he was alone in the 
court yard. 

	D3 appeared above him. "They are gone, Ziasha," scolded the demi-god. "You 
and the boy released so much power that it warped the fabric of time and space."

	"You are a demi-god," shot back Ziasha. "Find them."

	"I cannot," replied D3. "I can sense the remains of several different 
paths through space time, but they are already too degraded for me to track them 
successfully." He was quiet for a moment. "Lady Tokimi will not be pleased. You 
had all three and you let them escape."

	"Do you doubt me so much, my dear D3?" Ziasha turned to look at the crater 
where the Yagami had been. He snapped his fingers, and an exact duplicate of 
himself appeared holding a steel crate.

	D3's jewel flashed. "Your shadow. I do not see the significance."

	Ziasha's shadow stopped before the real thing, placed the crate on the 
ground, and vanished in a puff of smoke. The dark warrior gestured and the lid 
to the crate flew off. Up from inside the box rose a small child. Mayuka Masaki 
started to cry.

	"As you see, D3, my attentions were not solely on that wretched boy," said 
Ziasha with a smug smile. 

	"The Child of Light and Darkness," stated D3. 

	Ziasha waved his hand again, and Mayuka was sealed in a stasis crystal. 
"We have one of the three prizes that our Lady desires." He turned back to D3. 
"And if I understand you correctly, the others are separated." D3 nodded. "Then 
take your time and find them. Together as one unit they did pose a threat, but 
separately we can track them down one by one and crush them like the insects 
that they are."

	Tokimi's Champion began walking back to the palace. "Keep me informed of 
your progress and stick that child somewhere."

	"I will be in touch." D3 disappeared along with the infant.

	"Let D3 deal with the others," said Ziasha to the wind. "I just want the 
boy."

_____

	"Where am I?" wondered Ayeka out loud. The princess opened her eyes and 
saw the night sky staring back at her. She smiled at the beauty of the stars. 
Then her memory caught up with her. Ayeka sat up quickly and winced in pain. 
Most of Ziasha's attack had been blocked by her force field, but the remainder 
had hit her surprisingly hard. She turned her head from side to side in search 
of her friends. She was lying in the middle of a grassy field. The two moons in 
the sky shed enough light for her to make out several blue leafed trees 
scattered around the area. 

	Ayeka's heart stopped when she saw a body lying fifteen feet from her. She 
struggled to her feet and made her way over to the body. The princess dropped to 
her knees and rolled the person over. Shock was the only emotion that registered 
within her mind. The young, smooth features of her brother Yosho filled her 
vision. "Yosho?" she whispered. 

	He moaned in response, and the Juraian's eyes fluttered open. He looked up 
at her and smiled. "I'm fine Ayeka." His hand covered his mouth at the sound of 
his young voice.

	Ayeka rose back to her feet and started backing away. "What has happened 
to you, brother?"

	Yosho moved himself into a sitting position and sighed. "I guess it would 
have come out sooner or later," he said. He looked back at her. "Ayeka, I have 
always looked like this. It was Tsunami's power that created the image of an old 
man. We agreed that it would be better for everyone if I took on that form. It 
allowed me to remain inconspicuous while I lived on Earth."

	Ayeka was numb all over. "But why have you kept this from all of us these 
past few years? What purpose did that serve?"

	He shrugged. "I am sorry for lying, Ayeka. I guess that form has become 
like a comfortable suit to me. I have become so used to wearing it, that I never 
really felt the need to take it off." Yosho took in a deep breath and slowly got 
to his feet. "We can talk about this later," he said seriously. "Right now we 
need to find out where we are."

	Ayeka had recovered some of her composure by now. "More importantly, we 
need to find out what exactly has happened."

	Yosho began dusting off his battle suit. "I already know what happened to 
us." Ayeka stopped and waited for him to explain. "We were caught in the 
backwash of a nearly improbable burst of power." She just gave him a questioning 
look. "Tenchi and that man, Ziasha, were using an enormous amount of power to 
fight each other. In the end, they pushed themselves to their limits. By doing 
so, I believe that they used more Light Hawk Power than either of them could 
safely control. The light and dark power collided sending a backwash of power 
all over Jurai." Yosho started pacing as he talked. "You have to remember that 
the power of the Light Hawk Wings, according to Washu, is the power to transform 
matter itself. My guess is that all that power from their final attacks warped 
time and space itself. I am not Washu, so I cannot be certain how it was 
accomplished, but I am pretty sure that we have been transported away from 
Jurai."

	Ayeka started to search for the others. "Then where is everyone else? Why 
are they not here with us?"

	"I do not know, Ayeka," he told her. "They could be somewhere nearby, or 
they could be on the other side of this galaxy for all we know."

	The purple haired princess could feel the tears building up. She closed 
her dark pink eyes and told herself to get her act together. She was the First 
Crown Princess of Jurai. She had to retain her composure in the presence of 
others. Besides, now was not the time to break down. This was a time where she 
needed to be strong. "We cannot stay here," she said finally. 

	Yosho nodded at her. "What do you suggest we do?"

	The First Crown Princess of Jurai squared her shoulders and raised her 
chin. "First, we need to find out where we are. Second, we find our friends and 
make a plan to take back Jurai." She started walking towards her brother. 
"Third,..."

	Her last words were cut off by a loud, female scream. The siblings spun 
around as an object dropped from one of the nearby trees. They ran towards 
whatever had just fallen from the tree. Ayeka came to a full stop right in front 
of it. It took all of her royal training not to start cursing like a certain 
space pirate.

	"Could you please help me up?" said Mihoshi from her spot on the ground. 
The blond GP was lying there tangled up in several branches. "I can't quite get 
out of this." Yosho began to help the ditz, while Ayeka just repeatedly asked 
the question of "Why me?" in her head.

_____

	Rain poured down from the heavens on to the rocky country side. Washu, 
Kiyone, and Sasami were sitting in the Yagami's lounge. Sasami stood in front of 
the window watching the rain. Kiyone was mumbling things about broken systems 
and such while leafing through half a dozen tech manuals. Washu just sat in the 
chair looking at the data that scrolled across her holo computer. 

	The three of them had woken up several hours before to find themselves and 
the Yagami on some strange planet. While Kiyone was trying to figure out where 
to start on repairs to her ship, Washu had been, among other things, trying to 
figure out what planet they were on. One half of her computer screen was 
scanning all known space charts, and the other half was replaying the data she 
had collected during the fight on Jurai. There was no doubt that Ziasha had 
created his own set of Light Hawk Wings. This fact alone sent a shiver down 
Washu's spine. Yes, Tenchi had the same power, but he was a good and decent 
human being. This Ziasha was anything but good. He was pure evil.

	And with the power of the Light Hawk Wings at his command, he was the most 
dangerous being in the entire universe. The next question was how had he 
developed the ability to summon the Wings. Washu knew that Tenchi's ability had 
come about because of Tsunami's influence. So if Tenchi's Wings were a result of 
something Tsunami had done, who was responsible for Ziasha's evolution? 
"Tokimi," whispered Washu unconsciously. 

	She suddenly stopped reading the screen and looked up. Why had she said 
that? What part of her mind had prompted that thought? Washu placed her head 
between her hands and sighed. None of this made any sense. The greatest 
scientific mind in the entire universe was at a loss for an explanation to the 
events going on around her. What scared her even more was the possibility that a 
part of her did know what was going on, and that this small piece of her mind 
was keeping it all a secret on purpose. If this was so, why was she hiding 
things from herself? 

	"I have to know," she said. Kiyone looked up, and Sasami turned around.

	"Know what?" asked Kiyone. "What are you talking about, Washu?"

	Washu gazed at the GP. "If we are going to stop Ziasha and who ever else 
is behind this, I have to know what is really going on here."

	"I don't understand, Washu," said Sasami. "Don't we have to find the 
others first?"

	Washu shook her head. "I'm sorry, Sasami, but the others will have to 
wait. They are all perfectly capable of taking care of themselves." Washu had 
already figured out the teleportation caused by the combined power of the Light 
Hawk Wings and explained it to the other two. "I'm sure that everyone will be 
all right, but right now we have to prioritize. Knowledge is the most powerful 
weapon in the universe," stated Washu. "And our enemies have more than we do at 
the moment. If we are going to beat them, we have to know everything they know 
and more."

	"So where do we start?" asked Kiyone.

	Washu smiled and leveled her green eyes on Sasami. "With someone else who 
knows what's going on."

_____

	A half an hour later, Washu was sitting across from Sasami on the couch in 
the Yagami's lounge. "Are you ready, Sasami?" asked the small scientist.

	The little princess nodded. "I'll do my best." Sasami closed her eyes.

	Washu waited for several moments. "Is she there?" she asked finally.

	The rune on Sasami's forehead glowed slightly. "Tsunami is always here," 
answered Sasami in an emotionless voice. Her rune shined brighter. "Tsunami 
awaits your questions."

	"Who is behind the events occurring on Jurai?" asked Washu quickly.

	Sasami remained silent. When she finally spoke, Washu was not pleased with 
the answer. "Tsunami says that she is not allowed to say."

	"Why?" said Washu in earnest.

	"Tsunami says that she wants more than anything to help us all, but she 
cannot. Something she did long ago forbids her from interfering directly."

	"That's a load, and she knows it," snapped Washu. She got up off the couch 
and started pacing. "All I want is some information."

	Sasami smirked. "Tsunami wants to remind you of your words about knowledge 
just a little while ago. Direct information would violate her limits."

	"Can't she tell me anything?" cried Washu. "All I want is a little slack!"

	Sasami said nothing. Washu loosed an exasperated sigh and flopped into the 
chair. Sasami's voice captured her attention again."Tsunami wants me to tell you 
one last thing. While she cannot tell you everything herself, she says that she 
cannot stop you from searching out the truth on your own. Go back to the 
beginning." The blue haired girl's forehead rune ceased glowing and she fell 
face first onto the couch.

	Washu jumped from the chair and moved Sasami into a more comfortable 
position. What did Tsunami mean? Go back to the beginning? The beginning of 
what? The beginning of this trip? The beginning of this year? The beginning of 
her adventures with Tenchi? When she created Ryoko? What? The day she came to 
the Royal Sci...ence...Aca...demy...

	She made sure Sasami was settled and ran out of the lounge. Washu raised 
her wrist communicator to her mouth. "Kiyone! Where are you right now?"

	"I'm working on the anti-grav generators," came the GP's voice over the 
intercom. "You know the work would go a lot faster if I got a little help down 
here," she added in an angry tone.

	Washu laughed at the communicator. "Don't worry, I'm on the way down right 
now. We have to fix this thing and get going."

	"Do you know where we are yet?"

	"Not yet," said Washu. "But I know where we're going." She smiled even 
though there was no one to see it. "We're heading to the Royal Science Academy."

	"That's near Jurai space!" cried Kiyone. "It's probably on Ziasha's 'I 
want that planet' list!"

	"I don't think so," replied Washu. "I think our friend Ziasha is more 
interested in seizing all of the Juraian Empire and finding us rather than a 
university. Now just shut up and keep working. I'll be there in a second to help 
finish the repairs." Washu started running faster down the hall. She was going 
to figure out what the hell was going on even if it killed her.

To be continued...

Notes-

Wow. I really had fun writing this one. From this point on the story is going to 
take off. All the characters are going to do a lot of growing and changing. They 
will all retain their original personalities. I am just going to elaborate on 
how I see they would grow as people (using feelings that I have gotten from 
watching OAV, movies, and Universe. I ignore Shin Tenchi because that time line 
just does not sit well with me). They will all encounter situations that will 
test their very beings. I hope that people are enjoying this, and that they 
continue to do so. If you have any comments please send them to 
Roas1@hotmail.com.
													
									
PS- If you have the Light Hawk Wing music, I have discovered it fits in 
perfectly when Tenchi first summons his Wings and fights Ziasha. This was a 
shock to me because I had not planned for it to work out like that. Needless to 
say, it's really cool to have it playing while reading that part.			
													
					

													

													
					

													
									
