Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses

"No Need To Stay Home"


	The morning brought no real comfort for Tenchi. His worries of the 
previous night were still prevalent in his mind. He rolled out of bed and walked 
to the bathroom. He showered in silence and dressed in his working clothes the 
same way. He absently tucked Tenchi-ken into his belt and went down stairs. 
Ryoko's perch was empty, so Tenchi assumed she was still under the care of 
Washu. Mihoshi was sitting on the couch watching some sort of alien cartoon and 
laughing hysterically. Tenchi entered the kitchen and found Ayeka wearing a blue 
and white kimono and sipping a cup of tea. Kiyone was standing in front of the 
stove in a pair of gray sweat pants and a yellow T-shirt. Whatever she was 
cooking smelled good, but Tenchi wasn't feeling very hungry at the moment.

	"Good morning," he said half heartily.

	"Good morning, Lord Tenchi," replied Ayeka.

	"Hey, Tenchi," said Kiyone over her shoulder.

	Tenchi sat down across from Ayeka and poured himself some tea. He just sat 
there holding the teacup. "How's Sasami this morning?" he asked finally.

	Ayeka took another sip of tea before speaking. "She's fine now. She had 
another nightmare, though."

	Tenchi nodded. He knew very well what one of Sasami's nightmares meant. 
"What did she say about it?"

	"I think I should wait to explain it until everyone else is present," she 
said simply.

	"I guess your right," he conceded. It would be better to have everyone's 
input all at once. 

	They sat in silence while Kiyone finished cooking breakfast and set it on 
the table. With the smell of food in the air, Mihoshi eventually wandered into 
the kitchen. She started eating immediately getting rice and fish all over her 
orange tank top. Kiyone sat down next to her partner and started to eat as well. 
She stopped when she noticed that Tenchi had not touched his food. "I know that 
it's not as good as Sasami's, but come on! It's not like Ryoko cooked it or 
something."

	"Hey, I resent that," came the former space pirate's voice from nowhere. 

	She materialized next to Tenchi with a frown on her face. She wore her 
white and orange dress with purple sleeves that showed plenty of cleavage. "It's 
not my fault that Ryo-ohki is a lousy taster." A sour sounding meow followed by 
a hiss came from under the table after her last remark. Ryoko grabbed a carrot 
and tossed it under the table. "Oh, just be quiet and eat your carrot," she told 
the cabbit.

	Despite Ryoko's obvious recovery, Tenchi still did not have much of an 
appetite. At last Washu entered the kitchen and sat down next to Ayeka. She 
looked at Ryoko and shook her head. "Didn't I tell you to stay in bed for at 
least twenty four hours?"

	Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Make me," she replied. 

	Washu just shook her head again and brushed some lint off of her light 
green lab dress. Everyone sat at the breakfast table eating silently for the 
next five minutes. Washu was the first to break the silence. "I think that we 
need start talking about what happened yesterday."

	"Where do we start?" asked Kiyone.

	"Well, all of our information comes from the space fight and the attack at 
the carnival," said Washu. "First we have to note that both conflicts involved 
some form of dimensional activity. Now, the important thing about this is that 
this activity wasn't caused by scientific means."

	"Humph?" said Mihoshi through a full mouth.

	Kiyone placed a hand on her forehead. "She means that whoever did it did 
not use a machine, Mihoshi."

	The blond ditz swallowed her food. "Oooohhhh."

	Washu continued. "So that means that my sensors can't really tell us 
anything. Other than that common factor, these two events have nothing else in 
common, but I still believe that they are connected. So now we come to the next 
part of this problem." She looked at Ayeka. "Why don't you tell us about 
Sasami's dream?"

	Ayeka nearly spit out her food. She regained control and swallowed. "How 
did you know?" She soon realized the futility of her question and explained her 
conversation with Sasami. "She said whoever talked to Tsunami in her dream is 
after both Sasami and Washu."

	"That doesn't make much sense," said Kiyone. "No offense, Washu, but who 
could possibly want both you and Sasami? I mean, I don't see a real connection."

	"That makes two of us," admitted Washu. All at the table went wide eyed at 
the little scientist's admission. She gave them a serious look. "Well, it's 
true. For once I'm as stumped as the rest of you." Tenchi wasn't sure, but his 
instincts told him that Washu was holding something back. 

	"So what's the plan?" prompted Ryoko. "Are we just going to sit around and 
wait for this mystery person to attack us again?" She started to rub her left 
shoulder. "I'd sure like to get my hands on the bastard that sent those lizard 
things to the carnival," she growled.

	"What's everybody talking about?"

	The entire table turned and saw Sasami standing in the kitchen door 
holding Mayuka in her arms. Her hair was flowing loose down her back, and she 
was still wearing her dark green morning robe. "Oh, nothing important, Sasami,' 
said Ayeka quickly. "Why don't you give me Mayuka and serve yourself some 
breakfast."

	Sasami came in and handed the baby to Ayeka. With Sasami now in the room, 
the conversation drifted away from the problem at hand. Ryoko and Ayeka resumed 
their normal banter over just about anything. Mihoshi was complaining of a 
stomachache, and Kiyone was scolding her for eating too fast. Still feeling no 
hunger at all, Tenchi decided to get up and leave. There was someone he needed 
to talk to. He started for the front hall when Ryoko called out to him. "Where 
are you going, Tenchi?"

	He stopped. "I'm just going up to the shrine to talk to Grandpa. I'll be 
back in a little while." Before she could say anything else, he left.

	Tenchi laced up his boots and walked out the front door. It was a 
moderately warm summer day. Tenchi's thoughts were consumed with the situation 
at hand. Once again there was some mysterious force threatening to destroy 
everything he held dear. He smiled slightly. Yes, he actually did like the way 
his life had turned out. In the past, just after he had released Ryoko, he would 
have given almost anything to just have a normal life without one or more alien 
women blowing up his house. Now, however, he wouldn't trade his life and his 
friends for anything. Sometimes Tenchi still winced when another hole would 
appear in the ceiling, but now he couldn't picture his life without at least one 
part of the house in disrepair.

	The walk up to the Shrine was a slow one. Tenchi took his time while he 
scaled the steps. He wanted to have some semblance of a clear mind when he 
talked to his grandfather. When he finally arrived at the Shrine, Tenchi just 
stood in front of the door. He wasn't exactly sure what he wanted to ask his 
grandfather. 

	"Are you going to stand out there all day, Tenchi? Or are you going to 
come inside?" came Katsuhito's voice from inside. Tenchi grimaced before opening 
the sliding door. He was really going to have to figure out how the older Masaki 
did that.

	Tenchi entered and saw his grandfather seated at a table drinking a cup of 
tea. The old man motioned Tenchi to sit. Tenchi removed his shoes and sat down 
across from him. Katsuhito offered him a cup of tea, but Tenchi shook is head. 
"So what brings you up here this early, Tenchi? I figured you would delay 
training for at least another three hours."
													
	"Well, Grandpa, some things have happened since last night that I think 
you should know about," answered Tenchi. For the next ten minutes, he told the 
old man about the carnival incident and the space battle. Katsuhito merely sat 
there and drank his tea while he listened. 

	When Tenchi finished, his grandfather nodded. "It seems that we have quite 
a predicament."

	Tenchi leaned forward and looked his grandfather in the eyes. "Did you 
know any of this was going to happen, Grandpa?"

	The old man placed his cup on the table. "My tree, Funaho, sensed 
something was coming. It spoke to me in my dreams and warned me to be prepared. 
I knew that I was not in immediate danger, therefore, the target was one of the 
others. I had you start carrying Tenchi-ken because I wanted to be sure that you 
would be ready for the danger when it struck."

	"Thanks, Grandpa. You always have watched out for me and the others," said 
Tenchi with a smile.

	Katsuhito smiled back. The smile faded quickly and was replaced by a 
grimace of pain. He lurched forward grabbing his chest. "Grandpa!" cried Tenchi. 
He jumped up and ran to the old man's side. "What's wrong?"

	His grandfather's face was contorted in pain. "Something 
terrible...has...just happened," he groaned. 

_____

	Ziasha materialized directly in front of the doors to the Emperor of 
Jurai's throne room. A Juraian knight stepped between him and the door. "Who are 
you and what is your business here?" demanded the knight.

	The dark man looked past the knight at the large ornate door. "I am here 
to have an audience with his Majesty."

	"Your name?" asked the knight.

	"Ziasha Corodune."

	The knight glanced at a data pad in his hands and shook his head. "I see 
no name like that here. I'm sorry, but you will have to leave."

	Ziasha's right hand shot out and grasped the knight by the neck. He easily 
lifted the man into the air. "I think not." He twitched his wrist and snapped 
the knight's neck.

	The corpse dropped to the floor, and Ziasha aimed his right hand at the 
door. A column of black flame spewed forth exploding the door inward. Ziasha 
walked through the smoke of the explosion into the throne room of Emperor Azusa 
Jurai. He was moderately impressed by the throne room itself. Columns made from 
space trees lined the walls with fine tapestries strung up between them. Juraian 
knights lined the walls like living statues. Ziasha walked down a red and gold 
carpet that ran all the way from the door to an elevated dais. At the top of the 
dais sat Emperor Azusa himself. Flanking him on both sides were his queens 
Funaho and Misaki. Ziasha stopped in the middle of the chamber and bowed deeply. 
													
	"Who dares to barge into the throne room of the Emperor of Jurai!?" 
bellowed Azusa from his throne.

	Ziasha remained bowed as he spoke. "I am Ziasha Corodune, Emperor Azusa. I 
bring to you greetings and a message from War, Pestilence, Famine, and Death." 
He rose and stared at Azusa with his red eyes.

	Azusa's face was crimson with rage. "You insolent worm!" roared Azusa. 
"Guards! Take this piece of trash out of my sight and dispose of him!"

	Ziasha only stood there as two knights approached him. They grabbed each 
of his arms and started to pull him backwards. "You should have heard me out, 
Azusa," sneered Ziasha. "You might have avoided the carnage that is about to 
occur."

	The dark man phased backward away from the two knights and reappeared a 
few feet from them. He raised both his hands and released two jets of black 
fire. The fire struck the knights and turned them to ash. "Guards! Kill him!" 
screamed an enraged Azusa.

	Swords raised, Juraian knights rushed Ziasha from all sides. The first 
knight attacked, and Ziasha caught the man's wrist, pushed the sword away, and 
took the knight's head off with a blast of flame. Another knight slashed at him 
from the left. Ziasha sidestepped the sword only to find another blade screaming 
for his side. He became transparent, and the knight's weapon passed right 
through him. Ziasha solidified and threw his right elbow at the second knight's 
face. It crushed the front of the man's skull with a resounding crunch. Ziasha 
looked back at his first attacker and drove his right hand into the knight's 
chest. He withdrew the bloody appendage and smiled.

	Tired of playing with them, Ziasha extended both arms out from his sides 
and released a wave of black fire from each hand. The remaining knights screamed 
in pain as they burned. Ziasha lowered his arms and looked up at Azusa. The 
Juraian ruler was livid. He raised a clenched fist and pointed at Ziasha. "It 
seems that I will have to deal with you myself, mongrel!"

	"Be careful, Azusa," warned Funaho. "This man has yet to show all his 
power." Oh, how right she was.

	"It does not matter!" roared Azusa. He had given into all his rage. He 
raised his arms and put his wrists together. "Now feel the wrath of the Jurai 
Power!!!!" 

	A beam of brilliant blue energy lanced out at Ziasha. The dark man smiled 
and opened himself to the Light Hawk Wings.

_____

	Azusa smiled triumphantly as his energy blast hit the infidel. There was 
too much smoke to see, but the Emperor of Jurai was positive that the worm had 
been disintegrated. He turned to sit back on his throne, when Misaki's gasp 
stopped him. "By Tsunami, no," she whispered with fear.

	Curious, Azusa turned to see what the problem was. He nearly collapsed at 
the sight before him. Standing where only ash should have been was that man, but 
it was what was floating in front of the man that made the mighty Emperor want 
to run in terror. Five dark Light Hawk Wings hovered with power before the evil 
man. "D....dark Light Hawk Wings?" breathed Azusa. "I...impossible!"

	The Emperor looked past the Wings and saw five black triangles on the evil 
man's forehead. "As I said before, Azusa, you should have heard me out first," 
came his deep, raspy voice.

_____													
									  

	Ziasha raised his arms towards his Wings. They passed back over him, 
transforming his clothes into Light Hawk Armor. I looked exactly like Tenchi's 
except that where Tsunami's Knight's Armor was white and blue, the armor of 
Tokimi's Champion was black and gray. "Are you ready for me, Azusa?"

	The Emperor reached down and picked up a large broad sword next to his 
throne. He drew the blade and flew at Ziasha instantly. Tokimi's Champion dodged 
left and right to avoid Azusa's mighty swings, smiling the whole time. "Stand 
and fight me, you coward!" roared Azusa. 

	"As you wish," replied Ziasha calmly. There was a flash, and a black 
bladed Light Hawk Sword appeared just in time to parry Azusa's attack. 

	Azusa slashed repeatedly at the dark warrior, but the black Light Hawk 
Sword parried each attack easily. The swords crossed, and the two men came face 
to face. "My turn," hissed Ziasha.

	He disengaged and charged the Juraian ruler. The dark warrior lunged low, 
and Azusa moved to parry. At the last second, Ziasha flipped his blade around 
and batted Azusa's sword away. With lightning speed, Ziasha reached out and 
grasped the Emperor by the throat. He lifted the mighty Juraian into the air 
like he was nothing but a small child. Ziasha huffed and tossed Azusa to the 
ground. The Emperor pushed himself back up and charged again. He came at Ziasha 
with a downward slash. Tokimi's Champion took a step back and parried the tip of 
Azusa's sword. There was a flash and another black Light Hawk Sword appeared in 
Ziasha's left hand. In one swift motion, he brought the second Sword down on 
Azusa's blade breaking it in half.

	Azusa cried out and stumbled forward. The two Light Hawk Swords 
disappeared, and Ziasha took the Juraian by his purple hair. He punched Azusa in 
the face breaking his nose. Ziasha followed by bringing his right knee up into 
Azusa's chest twice. He smiled at the sound of cracking ribs. Tokimi's Champion 
released the Emperor of Jurai, who fell to the floor. Ziasha walked a full 
circle around the fallen man and kicked him in the head. "Pathetic," he growled. 
"I expected a bit more of a challenge from the ruler of the Juraian Empire. But 
alas, I have been disappointed."

	Ziasha stepped to his left just as Misaki attacked. He reached out and 
grabbed her right ankle in mid kick. She was swung twice over his head and then 
thrown into one of the columns. Ziasha smiled as she moaned in pain. "Not a very 
wise move, Lady Misaki. Not wise at all."

	He sensed Funaho's attack before it struck. The dark Wings appeared again 
and absorbed her energy blast. Ziasha converted one Wing into a black ribbon of 
energy and threw it at the other queen. There was another explosion, and Funaho 
screamed and collapsed. "I expected something a bit more rational from you, Lady 
Funaho," said Ziasha to the unconscious queen.

	With a thought, Ziasha levitated the three royals into the air and grouped 
them together. He waved his hand and opened a subspace portal. Azusa, Misaki, 
and Funaho floated into the portal and disappeared. The portal closed, and 
Ziasha laughed. "D3?"

	"I am here, Ziasha," echoed the demi-god's voice in his head. "What do you 
recquire?"

	"The Juraian royal family has been taken care of," reported the dark 
warrior. "Release our forces and destroy the Juraian fleet."

	"I understand," replied D3.

_____

	D3's ethereal head appeared in space above planet Jurai. His red jewel 
flashed and numerous dimensional portals opened up behind him. Crews on the 
Juraian ships orbiting the planet did not even have a chance to activate their 
Light Hawk Wing shields. Monsters the likes of which had not been seen in 
several dozen millennia poured out of the dimensional portals. Giant space 
dragons ripped Juraian battle ships apart with their claws. Swarms of reptilian 
bat creatures spewed acid that melted the defense ring surrounding the planet. 
Winged demons of all shapes and sizes wrought destruction upon the surprised 
fleet. Serpents wrapped themselves around cruisers and squeezed until the tree 
ships exploded. It only took moments before Tokimi's demon horde had destroyed 
the better part of the Juraian space fleet.

_____

	Ziasha was standing in the center of the throne room when D3 contacted 
him. "Yes, D3?"

	"Our forces have destroyed over seventy percent of the Juraian fleet," 
answered the demi-god. "The remaining ships have escaped, but they are 
scattered. We have won the day."

	"No, D3," countered Ziasha. "Today's victory belongs to our Lady." He 
walked up the dais and sat down on the throne. "I now claim Jurai in the name of 
Her Majesty Lady Tokimi."

_____

	Tenchi finally relaxed when his grandfather started breathing easy again. 
He watched the old man nervously. "What happened, Grandpa?"

	He looked at Tenchi oddly. "Did you not feel that?" The boy shook his 
head. "Hmm. It must be because you are not truly linked to the space trees of 
Jurai." Katsuhitp took a shaky sip of tea. "Something horrible has just happened 
on Jurai." 

	"You ain't just whistlin' Dixie," agreed Ryoko as she appeared before the 
pair.

	"What's the matter, Ryoko?" asked Tenchi.

	She took each of them by the wrist. "You'd better see for yourselves." 
They teleported back to the living room.

	Everyone was sitting around the TV looking very distraught. Tenchi helped 
his grandfather sit on the couch. Ryoko nodded at Washu. "Okay, Washu. Play it 
back for Tenchi."

	The scientist nodded in response and tapped a key on her holo laptop. The 
TV screen flickered and an orange haired news castor appeared. Tenchi recognized 
this as the Galactic News. The news castor cleared his throat and started to 
speak. "We here at the Galactic News Network have just received some very 
disturbing reports. As it appears now, Jurai, the center of the powerful Juraian 
Empire, has just fallen to a mysterious enemy. The mighty fleet of Juraian space 
tree ships has been all but destroyed with its remains scattered all over the 
sector. One by one the colonies of Jurai have begun to fall as well. Estimations 
show that within twelve galactic hours more than half the Juraian Empire will be 
in ruins. Galaxy Police have no..." Washu touched another key and the recording 
stopped. 

	There was silence. Even Mihoshi was in shock. Sasami was clutching onto 
Ayeka with unshed tears in her eyes. "Ayeka? What's happened to mother, father, 
and aunt Funaho?"

	Ayeka patted her on the back. "I'm sure that they are just fine, Sasami," 
answered the older princess with a confident tone. Tenchi, however, could see 
the fear and pain in Ayeka's dark pink eyes.

	"You know it is a trap," said Katsuhito finally.

	"Of course it is," snapped Washu. "They're using Jurai to try and get to 
us." 

	"It's not your fault, Little Washu," said Tenchi. "How could we have known 
they would do something like this?"

	"Well, ya know what I think we should do," said Ryoko with a feral grin. 
Her fangs were gleaming. "Pack our bags and go kick some ass."

	"For once I agree with Ryoko," added Ayeka. Everyone gave the princess 
dumbfounded looks. "Someone has declared war on Jurai, and as the First Crown 
Princess of Jurai, it is my duty to see them executed for their crimes." The 
fear in her eyes had been replaced by pure anger. "By Tsunami, I promise you 
that."

_____

	Ziasha sat with his eyes closed on the throne of the Jurai's Emperor. He 
opened them slowly as D3 appeared in the throne room.  "We now control almost 
half the Juraian Empire. I have taken the liberty of placing powerful demons in 
charge of various colonies. We have enslaved many of the people and await your 
instructions on what to do with them."

	"Make them work, of course," said Ziasha. "We will need to keep producing 
materials for money and food. After all, what would our Lady do if there was 
nobody left in this dimension to rule over?"

	"Agreed," said D3 flatly. 

	"Do you have anything else to report?" asked the dark warrior.

	"The Galactic media has already taken notice of our presence." D3's jewel 
flashed. "They must have had corespondents on planet when we attacked. In 
response to this, the Galaxy Police have mobilized a small fleet to 
investigate."

	Ziasha smiled at the demi-god. "Let them enter our space. Once they are in 
too deep to escape, destroy them all."

	"Once again, I agree." D3 waited a moment before continuing. "And what do 
you plan to do about pursuing our Lady's prizes?"

	"Why I have already set things into motion, my dear D3," gloated Ziasha. 
"Thanks to the media, they probably already know of our little attack. I am sure 
that they are already making plans to come to Jurai."

	"And what if they do not come? Then what will you do?"

	The dark warrior leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees. "Then 
perhaps we should give them a little incentive." He waved his right hand and a 
subspace portal opened. 

	A hooded and robed figure stepped out of the portal and bowed to both 
Ziasha and D3. "What do you desire, my lords?" it rumbled.

	"You are to assemble a small force and go to the planet Earth," ordered 
Ziasha. "Once there, you will attack the Masaki home. You are to try and kidnap 
the Child, but do not worry if you are unable to do so. Your primary objective 
is to lure the prey here."

	The hooded figure bowed again and disappeared. "Teleport them to Earth 
when they are ready," Ziasha told D3.

	"It shall be done," replied the demi-god, and he vanished.

	Ziasha leaned back in the throne and began to laugh hysterically. This was 
going to be glorious. Not only would he acquire Lady Tokimi's prizes, but he 
would also have a chance to see Tsunami's boy. And after he had seen the boy, 
Ziasha would kill him. 


To be continued...

Notes- Let's see, do I have anything to really talk about? I don't think so. I 
know that some of the fight scenes were pretty violent, but hey Ziasha is a very 
bad man :P. Well, I hope that whoever is reading this is still enjoying it. If 
anyone has comments please send them to Roas1@hotmail.com. 

													
									   
													
						
					
