Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses


"The Raging War"


	Princess Ayeka and the commanders of the Juraian fleet were sitting in the 
war room of the Black Star Alpha base. Seeing that everyone was seated and 
awaiting her to begin, Ayeka rose from the head of the table and addressed the 
room. "Gentlemen, it is time to begin the retaking of Jurai space." View screens 
appeared behind her. Ayeka pointed to one at her left. "This is the Dritos 
system. It is one of the nearest system of colonies to Black Star Alpha, and 
these colonies are also large agricultural producers. If we are to wage war, we 
must have food to feed our forces. Commander Yosho, what is the current status 
of the fleet?"

	Yosho stood and looked over at a data pad in his hands. "Current fleet 
count is at three hundred ten tree ships. We have gathered all our ships that 
either escaped the battle at Jurai, or were scattered through out the outer 
colonies. All tree ships are fully manned with crews. Word of our latest victory 
has spread to all the remaining free colonies. Transports bearing Juraian 
citizens who wish to join the fleet have been added to our troops. According to 
the latest count, our troops number over fifty thousand knights and soldiers. 
More Juraians from the colonies are continuing to enlist, so that number is 
likely to grow some, yet." He finished and sat back down.

	Ayeka nodded to her brother. "Very good. Thank you, Commander." She 
touched the screen that held the map of the Dritos system. It flashed and the 
system map was replaced by a blue and green planet. "This is the planet Humar. 
It is the key to holding the Dritos system. By reclaiming Humar, we can 
sufficiently extend the Jurai Power shield that keeps our enemy from further 
expansion. Once that has been accomplished, we can retake the rest of Dritos 
easily." She motioned to Admiral Judroa. "Admiral, please explain what our 
strategy for retaking Humar will be."

	Judroa cleared his throat and rose with his hands clasped behind his back. 
Ayeka took her seat as the Admiral stepped to the head of the conference table. 
The view screen containing Humar was overlaid with a grid. "We must note several 
things before I speak of our strategy. The enemy fleet that we defeated a week 
ago was the only one of its kind. As far as Intel knows, the enemy does not have 
another fleet of that size to use against us. The only resistance that is 
expected to be in the Dritos system are the demons that occupy each colony."

	The screen flashed, and several different colors covered the surface of 
Humar. "Preliminary scans tell us that Humar and the other colonies have been 
equipped with some sort of demon related planetary defense system. The main plan 
is the divide the fleet into two parts. Fifty battle ships will remain behind to 
guard this instillation. The remaining portion of the fleet will attack Humar. 
The fleet's main purpose is to provide cover for the troop transports." Humar 
was replaced by a layout of a city. "This is Humar's capital, Jin'Tu," said 
Judroa. "From what Intel understands, this is where the demon horde of Humar is 
controlled from. It is believed that a stronger demon or overmind is how the 
demons are unified and controlled. A force of fifteen thousand knights and 
soldiers will descend upon the city and attempt to retake it by finding and 
killing the greater demon."

	Admiral Judroa looked to the view screen to his right. It flashed, and the 
map of Dritos appeared again. "When Humar is ours, the Jurai Power shield will 
be extended, thus keeping the enemy from entering Dritos. With our victory at 
Humar our forces will immediately spread out and retake the remaining colonies 
in similar fashions." The Admiral nodded and sat back down.

	Ayeka rose and resumed control of the meeting. "The fleet will be under my 
direct command. Admiral Judroa and Commander Yosho will be my seconds for this 
mission. Are there any questions?"

	"Will fifteen thousand troops be sufficient to handle the demon hordes of 
Humar?" asked a gray haired officer whom Ayeka remembered to be General Trake.

	"That is all that we can spare, General Trake," replied Ayeka. "The ground 
forces have been divided into different groups to avoid exhaustion among the 
men. Those who will take part in the on planet battles will most likely be 
required to do so several times before the expedition is over. The fleet in 
space will also provide the necessary bombardment in an attempt to keep other 
portions of the horde from flanking our forces."

	She looked all around the table. "Are there anymore questions?" She was 
met by only serious looks. "Then this meeting is at an end. Report to your 
assigned stations. The fleet will depart in one hour. Good luck." The all bowed 
their heads to the princess and left.  Yosho and Admiral Judroa were waiting for 
her at the door.

	Both men were giving her serious looks. "Do you still plan to go down to 
Humar when the time arrives?" asked Yosho. 

	Ayeka nodded her head ever so slightly. "I must. In order to extend the 
shield, I must come in direct contact with the central tree on Humar."

	"That does not mean that you must join the attacking forces, Highness," 
stated Judroa. "It would be much safer if you went to Jin'Tu after the battle is 
over."

	Ayeka let a little warmth through her serious exterior. "I thank you both 
for thinking of my well being, but I must be with our troops when they land on 
Humar. They are fighting for me, and I cannot shame them by standing safely 
behind the fleet while they risk their lives."

	"So, there will be no talking you out of this?" asked Yosho. Ayeka shook 
her head.

	"Then the least you can do is allow us to assign a Royal Guard to protect 
you," suggested Judroa. The tone of his voice told Ayeka that no matter what she 
said "no" was not going to be accepted as an answer.

	"Fine," relented Ayeka. "I will accept a Royal Guard."

	Both men smiled simultaneously. "Excellent. Shall we go and meet them now? 
Your new Royal Guard is waiting in the docking bay outside the Royal Pride," 
explained Yosho. 

	Ayeka raised an eyebrow and smirked at both of them. "Meet them? You were 
going to tag me with them no matter what I said, correct?"

	Yosho gave her an innocent smile. "Why, Princess? I have not idea what you 
are talking about." The door slid open, and he extended his hand. "After you, 
Highness."

	Ayeka huffed at them and walked out of the war room. Smiling like two 
young boys, Yosho and Judroa followed several steps behind her. Eventually, the 
three of them entered the main docking bay of Black Star Alpha. Technicians and 
soldiers were running all about making ready to leave with the fleet. Five 
Juraian knights stood out from the all the others in the room. Four of them were 
either leaning against containers, sitting on the floor, or lounging in some 
fashion. The remaining figure was standing in front of the other five with his 
back turned to the approaching princess. 

	The purple haired princess stopped several feet from the standing knight. 
"Ahem," went Ayeka.

	All at once, the five knights jumped to attention. The nearest knight spun 
around, and Ayeka was mildly surprised to see who it was. "Why Captain Shoytal, 
I thought you were a tree ship commander?"

	The young Juraian's lavender eyes were all business. "I am a captain of a 
tree ship, your Highness, but I am first and foremost a Knight of Jurai." That 
was when Ayeka noticed that he was no longer wearing his military uniform. 
Instead he was wearing the robes and light armor of a knight. The shoulder 
buckle of his armor was a blue circle. A Juraian tree weapon was snapped to his 
belt. It looked like a longer version of Tenchi-ken except with two blade ends.

	Shoytal bowed deeply. "Allow me to formally introduce myself, Princess 
Ayeka. I am Captain Shoytal Ruhanal of the Juraian Knighthood." He raised 
himself up and extended his left hand behind him. "These are my men." 

	He pointed to the first knight on Ayeka's left. "This is Gerin Iost." 
Gerin was of average height with short red hair and green eyes. The circular 
buckle on his armor was also red, and he was holding a five foot staff made from 
a space tree.

	Shoytal continued moving right. "This is Nunar Araol." Nunar was quite a 
bit smaller than Gerin with long black hair and burgundy eyes. His circle was 
colored green. A two foot tree weapon was hanging from his right side. 

	"Verka Jeheden," was the next knight's name. Verka was tall and very 
muscular with a shaved head. His blue eyes shone with a fighting spirit. There 
was a white scar running from his left temple down to his chin leaving a bald 
spot in his black goatee. Ayeka noticed a pair of gauntlets made from space 
trees on his hands. His circle was a deep purple.

	"And this is Mastir Segrey," said Shoytal gesturing to the final knight. 
Mastir's long, blond hair was drawn back into a ponytail. His eyes were gray, 
and his upper lip sported a thick blond mustache. The circle on his armor was 
silver. Two swords also similar to Tenchi-ken were strapped to his sides. 

	All five knights clicked their heels together and bowed to Ayeka. "We are 
your Royal Bodyguards, Princess Ayeka," stated Shoytal.

	Ayeka looked each of the knights over and nodded. "I thank you all and 
welcome you as my personal guard." She turned back to Yosho and gave him an icy 
stare. "I'll get you for this one," she whispered in a venomous tone. He merely 
gave her another innocent smile. 

	The princess turned and started for the Royal Pride. "The fleet will be 
leaving soon. We must board the Royal Pride and prepare for departure." She 
stopped and looked back at the knights following her. "I do suggest that you 
five do whatever it is you do to prepare for battle. I do not know if the 
Commander or the Admiral told you, but we will be taking part in the ground 
assault on Humar."

	"Oh that's just wonderful," muttered Gerin Iost in a sarcastic tone. His 
voice was high and trite.

	"Fine," was all Nunar Araol said in a whispering voice.

	"Good, I could use the workout," said Verka Jeheden in a deep voice. He 
cracked his knuckles to emphasize the point.

	"Hmm, this may prove an interesting assignment after all," added Mastir 
Segrey in an even toned voice.

	"Cut the chatter," ordered Shoytal. " He looked back at Ayeka with a 
serious expression. "We will be ready, your Highness."

	Ayeka gave the captain an official nod and resumed walking to her 
flagship. The princess could not help thinking that her new bodyguards were 
going to make things very interesting for her. Something told her that they had 
the ability to cause as much trouble as prevent it.

_____

	It only took the Juraian fleet a few hours to jump to the Dritos system. 
Two hundred sixty tree ships of various sizes came out of hyperspace not far 
from the planet Humar. Ayeka stood on the command platform above the bridge of 
the Royal Pride. "All ships go to red alert and merge into Chain formation. 
Every other ship deploy Light Hawk Wings, while the ships in between begin to 
bombard the enemy defenses."

	The fleet stretched out into a chain pattern around the planet Humar. 
Light Hawk Wing shields opened up all around the fleet. "All ships, fire at 
will," ordered Ayeka.

	Beams of energy rained down upon the planet's surface. In response, the 
demonic defenses released blasts of pure plasma into space. The space around 
Humar was a literal firestorm. Ayeka turned and started for the exit. "Admiral 
Judroa, you have command of the fleet. As soon as my transport joins the others, 
deploy Blockade Runner Group A."

	Admiral Judroa saluted her. "As you command, Highness."

	Ayeka left the bridge and her Royal Guard fell into step behind her. The 
small group made their way to the shuttle bay and boarded a transport. The small 
transport left the Royal Pride and joined with the troop transports that were 
hanging back just behind the main fleet. Several tree ships took point positions 
in front of the troop carriers. Their Light Hawk Wing shields opened, and the 
landing force started for Humar. Orange plasma blasts roared at the descending 
force, but the Wing shields successfully absorbed or deflected them. Ayeka 
watched as they passed through Humar's atmosphere, and the capital city of 
Jin'Tu appeared not too far below them. The landscape surrounding the city was 
covered in black mounds of rock spewing plasma into the sky. 

	Ayeka keyed on the COM unit of her transport. "This is Princess Ayeka. All 
transports unload troops half a mile from the city." She changed the COM 
frequency to that of the Royal Pride. "Royal Pride, this is Royal One. Do you 
copy?"

	"This is Admiral Judroa," came the old Juraian's voice over the com. "I 
hear you, your Highness."

	"We are about to commence our attack, Admiral," explained Ayeka. "Please 
direct some cover fire just a half a mile from our touch down point."

	"Understood, your Highness," replied the Admiral.

	Ayeka shut off the COM system and turned to the five knights standing at 
attention behind her. Despite her earlier thoughts about them, each knight was 
now surrounded with an air of battle readiness. "We are touching down now, 
Princess," said the shuttle pilot.

	The small ship landed, and the princess with her knights disembarked. The 
bulk of the attack force was already gathered on the scorched earth, and the 
transports were lifting off. All heads turned to Ayeka as she strode to stand in 
front of the army. A soldier handed her a voice amplifier, and she turned it on. 
"Raise your weapons and join me in taking back our Empire!" she shouted out to 
the assembled troops.

	All fifteen thousand troops cheered and moved as one towards the city of 
Jin'Tu. Ayeka turned and broke into a dead run leading the charge. Great beams 
of blue energy streamed down from the heavens, clearing a path for the charging 
Juraian army. Filled with adrenaline, Ayeka barely noticed the half a mile run 
to the city. Her forces charged past the charred bodies of demons as they 
entered the shattered city walls. While any demons outside the city had been 
killed, the horde of monsters inside the city was very much alive and ready to 
kill the invading Juraians.

	Both forces roared in challenge and crashed into each other. All the 
Juraian troops had been briefed on how the ground battle would most likely turn 
out. The demons attacked with no sense of order. They merely charged seeking 
only to spill blood. The Juraian forces had been told to try and remain in unit 
formations and push into the center of the city. Once they had secured the 
center of the Jin'Tu, all troops were ordered to maintain defensive positions 
while a select group tried to destroy the demon overmind.

	Ayeka and her Guard were among the first to enter the city and meet with 
the demons. The princess's force field shimmered to life, and Jurai Power began 
to gather as blue spheres in both her hands. Her five knights moved to guard her 
flanks and rear. Shoytal ignited his weapon, and two blue blades extended from 
both ends of the hilt. The red headed Gerin's staff sprouted small red blades on 
both ends. The short Nunar lifted his weapon creating a green double bladed axe 
from its tip. Thick, three foot, purple blades extended out from the mighty 
Verka's gauntlets. The lithe Mastir ignited a pair of silver bladed swords and 
joined his fellows in the battle. 

	The princess was familiar with some of the demons they first encountered. 
Black scaled lizard creatures and turtle bats threw themselves at the Juraians. 
There were other types of demons among the horrific horde, but Ayeka only paid 
them attention to vaporize them. Guns blazing and energy weapons flaring, the 
Juraian army pushed their way to the center of Jin'Tu. Ayeka stopped a pack of 
lizards cold by surrounding them in power logs and showing no mercy. What could 
only be described as hellhounds darted towards Ayeka from the left. Shoytal and 
Mastir were there in a flash leaving none of the hounds alive. 

	The army moved as one down the streets of the city. A gigantic centipede 
rose up to block their path. Jurai Power flew from Ayeka's hands and melted the 
monster out of existence. It was only about thirty minutes before the Juraian 
force successfully plowed their way up to the steps of Jin'Tu's capital 
building. The Juraians surrounded the building, and in turn were surrounded by 
the demon horde. "Hold position and fight on!" shouted Ayeka. 

	A turtle bat zoomed down at her, but it was cut down by Nunar's axe. The 
small knight landed on the ground without a sound. Ayeka signaled for her Guard 
to move into the building. The princess and her knights along with thirty more 
soldiers charged up the steps and blasted through the doors. Demons with the 
upper bodies of the lizards and the lower halves of spiders scaled down the 
walls at Ayeka's strike force. The princess and the Royal Guard continued 
forward while the thirty soldiers kept the demons pinned down. 

	"I can sense the controlling demon in the main council chamber!" shouted 
Ayeka over the battle. "It has placed itself around the space tree!"

	"Then we will have to move it," stated Verka. 

	Ayeka blasted down the council chamber's doors with a bolt of Jurai Power. 
In the middle of the circular chamber was a full and green leafed space tree 
rising up through the ceiling. Sitting at the base of the tree was a large, 
pulsating organism. It was a mass of vibrating black and brown matter. With the 
appearance of the Juraians in the room, a multitude of barbed tentacles shot up 
around the mass. A series of deep roars echoed in the chamber as several 
bipedal, green scaled demons with wings dropped down and attacked as well. The 
princess and her knights exploded into action.

	Verka and Nunar broke left to engage some of the winged demons. Mastir and 
Gerin moved right to take on the remainder of the monsters. Ayeka, followed by 
Shoytal, continued towards the mass in front of the space tree. Tentacles shot 
out at both of them. The tendrils bounced off of Ayeka's shield, while Shoytal 
was forced to duck and dodge them. Power logs filled the entire center of the 
chamber releasing waves of electrical energy. The mass writhed in pain as the 
tentacles were withered and turned to ash. Circlet glowing brightly, Ayeka 
extended both hands towards the mass and fired a beam of pure Juraian energy. 
The blue blast struck the demonic mass causing it to explode. 

	Ayeka lowered her hands and looked around the chamber. The remaining 
winged demons suddenly lost all sense of direction. The other four knights were 
quick to cut them down. Satisfied, Ayeka walked over the remains of the overmind 
and placed her hands on the space tree. Thin beams of prismatic light rained 
down from the tree's leaves. The ancient life form welcomed the touch of the 
Juraian princess. Ayeka melded her mind with the tree allowing it to know her 
intentions. The space tree acknowledged Ayeka's plans and opened its power to 
her. 

	The princess closed her eyes and began to build up the Jurai Power in her 
body. With a single thought, Ayeka released it all causing the space tree to 
release a prismatic beam into the sky and out into space. "The Jurai Power 
shield now extends to this system," said Ayeka between deep breaths. 

	"Are you all right, Princess?" asked Shoytal.

	Ayeka turned and nodded to him. "I am fine, Captain. I am just not used to 
using so much Jurai Power at once." Ayeka lowered her hands to her sides and 
started walking out of the chamber. 

	The air around her shimmered as she reactivated her force field. The Royal 
Guard raised their weapons and encircled the princess as they made their way to 
the front of the capital building. When they all came out to the steps, Ayeka 
was not surprised at the scene before them. The demon horde was no longer 
throwing itself at the Juraian army. Instead, the demons were killing each other 
in a chaotic frenzy. The Juraians were simply adding to the chaos by 
continuously firing at the horde.

	A communicator on Ayeka's belt began to beep. She lowered her force field 
and raised the com to her mouth. "This is the Princess, go ahead."

	"Princess Ayeka, this is Admiral Judroa. The enemy has ceased firing on 
the fleet, and surface scans show demons all over the planet attacking each 
other rather than our forces. I take it you were successful in killing the demon 
overmind."

	"That is correct, Admiral," confirmed Ayeka. "Deploy the rest of the 
ground forces to wipe out the rest of the demons on the planet. Once that is 
done, we must find and release any surviving colony citizens. I will meet with 
their leaders and begin reconstructing the local governments. After all that is 
done, we will pull out and move to the next planet in this system."

	"It will be as you order, Highness," said Judroa over the communicator. 
"Shall I send your shuttle down now?"

	"No," replied Ayeka. "Do not send it down until I have met with Humar's 
leaders." Weariness suddenly flooded her awareness, but Ayeka kept her face 
emotionless. "Let me know when the demons planet wide have been eliminated. 
Ayeka out." She clicked the communicator off and returned it to her belt. 

	The battle around the city was dying down. After turning on themselves, 
the demons had not lasted long against the Juraians. Ayeka looked to her Royal 
Guard. Each of the men had deactivated their weapons, but she could tell that 
each man was still ready for anything. "Verka. Mastir."

	The two knights stood up straight and looked to her. "Yes, Princess?" they 
asked in unison.

	"Take a detachment of soldiers and make sure that this building is clear 
of all demons," ordered Ayeka. "I want it cleared out completely so that I may 
have someplace to speak with Humar's leaders."

	They bowed their heads. "Yes, Ma'am." Verka waved over some soldiers, and 
they all entered the capital building.

	"The rest of you come with me," said Ayeka. "We must look in on how our 
men have fared after this battle." Shoytal, Gerin, and Nunar encircled the 
princess as she headed down the steps of the capital building. 

	Ayeka spent the next couple of hours walking among the troops 
congratulating them on a battle well fought. Admiral Judroa called Ayeka again 
to tell her that Humar was once again theirs. On the outside she was the 
emotionless, steel faced leader that all the Juraian soldiers were telling 
stories about. Each one had a story of how the Crown Princess had lead the 
charge into the city and slayed demons by the hundreds. Ayeka's blood and dirt 
smeared white coat billowed behind her as she walked down the streets of Jin'Tu. 
With every step, Ayeka made herself the physical manifestation of all those 
stories. 

	Inside, however, Ayeka was exhausted beyond anything she had ever felt 
before. Every step was a struggle to take. Her legs ached, and her lungs burned. 
More than anything, Ayeka wanted to flee from the crowds of soldiers and soak in 
a warm bath, but that was not an option. She still had to meet with the leaders 
of Humar. Juraian citizens had been discovered locked in underground detention 
centers. Ayeka soon learned that the colonists were let out for a few hours a 
day to do their jobs, and then they were all shuttled back into the centers 
until the next day. As she walked, the Humarian leaders were being escorted to 
the capital building to meet with her.

	Ayeka took a deep breath and readied herself to be diplomatic. These 
people would be very happy to see her, but they were all still politicians and 
their natural argumentative instincts would most likely take over. Ayeka's only 
purpose with speaking to them was to get their allegiance to her cause, and then 
make sure that all of Humar's industries were producing equipment and supplies 
for her army. The princess suddenly realized that she was back at the capital 
building. Verka and Mastir rejoined her group at the foot of the steps. With 
another steadying breath, the First Crown Princess Ayeka Jurai steeled herself 
and entered the capital building of Jin'Tu.

_____

	The Dark Heart came out of hyperspace over Jurai. Ziasha opened a view 
screen and smiled at what he saw. Floating in front of the planet was a massive 
Souja class battleship. The dark warrior opened communications with the 
battleship to make sure that his people had followed his instructions. "This is 
the Dark Star to Tokimi's Chariot. Do you read me?"

	The COM crackled and a male voice answered. "We read you, Lord Ziasha. 
Welcome back, sir. Do you wish to come aboard?"

	"Not yet," replied Ziasha. "Have a schematic of the ship sent to my 
office, immediately. Once I have gone over it expect a visit."

	"We await your arrival, my lord." The COM crackled again and the voice was 
gone.

	Ziasha piloted the Dark Heart down to Jurai. He docked the ship and 
disembarked. Humanoid soldiers in black armor bowed as he walked past into the 
Imperial Palace. Followers of Tokimi bowed repeatedly as he made his way through 
the halls to his office. Ziasha entered his office and sent out a mental call to 
his subordinates. It was only a few moments before Draytif, Sezen, and Ortav 
walked in. The dark man was seated behind his desk.

	Ziasha's red eyes focused on Draytif. "What happened?"

	The human was visibly sweating. "W...what d...do you mean, m...my lord?"

	Ziasha folded his hands in front of his face. "Why is my fleet short four 
hundred ships?"

	"I don't know how to explain it, Lord Ziasha," said Draytif quickly. "The 
Juraian's had some sort of master strategist. I was..."

	Ziasha slammed his fists down on the desk making all three of them jump. 
"It was that damned princess, you fool!" he shouted.

	"Master, I promise not to fail you again!" 

	Five black triangles appeared on Ziasha's forehead. "No, you won't." Two 
black beams of energy shot from Ziasha's eyes leaving a gaping hole in Draytif's 
chest. The human sputtered once and dropped to the floor dead. Ziasha opened his 
left hand and released a black sphere of energy. The sphere passed over the 
corpse dissolving it.

	The triangles disappeared, and Ziasha leaned back in his chair. "As for 
you two," he began. "You have done well, Sezen. Lady Tokimi is pleased."

	Sezen bowed his golden scaled head. "I live only to ssserve Her 
Majesssty'sss glory," he hissed.

	"How is Garthinial, Ortav?" asked Ziasha.

	Ortav gave him a mad scientist's smile. "It will take a little time, but 
the demon will survive and be more powerful than before."

	Ziasha smiled and nodded. "Very good. Sezen, you are dismissed until I 
have need of you again. Ortav, I want you to continue working on Garthinial and 
update me when he is finished." Both of them bowed and left his office.

	"Now, what do you have to say, D3?" asked Ziasha after a moment of 
silence.

	"I do not think it was very wise to kill Draytif before questioning him 
about the battle, Ziasha," came the demi-god's voice from everywhere.

	"He was a simpering and arrogant fool," snapped Ziasha. "Anything he could 
have told us would have been useless. I will command the fleet myself from now 
on." Ziasha began to tap his fingers on the desk. "How are our demon tree 
ships?"

	"One more month until they reach maturity," replied D3. "The Galaxy Police 
have massed a larger fleet to search for the one that was destroyed several 
weeks ago. This time they will be coming straight for Jurai. I estimate it will 
be at least four hundred ships strong."

	Ziasha chuckled. "That is more than half their fleet strength. They 
certainly are worried, aren't they."  He continued to tap his fingers. "I will 
take Tokimi's Chariot and the remaining three hundred ships and deal with this 
problem. And while I am at it, I'll take out their pesky head quarters, too."

	"It will be several more days before the GP fleet will be assembled," said 
D3. "If you are going after the GP's what shall we do about the Princess Ayeka's 
fleet? Even I am unable to get by the Jurai Power shield she has created."

	"We will deal with her in good time," assured Ziasha. "When the demon tree 
ships are completely formed, her pathetic fleet will be at our mercy."

	"What about the colonies she will retake during that time?" asked D3. "It 
will not be good to let the princess gain the strength they can provide."

	"You worry too much, D3," scolded Ziasha. "Her fleet will not get any 
stronger. She cannot grow any new tree ships, and no other sensible government 
in this galaxy would get involved in this war. And I would not even start to 
worry about aid from outside the galaxy. None of Jurai's allies know anything 
about this. So, let the princess recapture her colonies. It will not matter in 
the end." He smiled broadly. 

	"Nothing will stop our Lady's Will."


To be continued...

Notes- not much to say. I hope that all who read this are still enjoying the 
story. All comments go to Roas1@hotmail.com.						
							
