Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses


"Remnant Allies"


	Ayeka sat in the bridge of Yosho's new ship the Fallen Sun. The vessel's 
hull was in the shape of a crescent three decks thick. The weapons array 
consisted of four ion cannons, two plasma cannons, and a rack of concussion 
missiles on its under side. The Juraian princess sighed and looked out the 
window at the stars. Yosho had still not explained where they were going. The 
only explanation her brother had given was that they were going to someplace 
safe. Ayeka simply hated not being in some form of control.

	She swiveled her chair and looked at Yosho in the pilot's seat. "Brother, 
will you please tell me where we are going. There is no need to be so secretive 
with me."

	Yosho turned the ship onto autopiolet and turned his chair to face Ayeka. 
"I suppose that you are right, Ayeka. There is no reason for me to keep you in 
the dark." He smiled warmly at her. "You will have to forgive me. I am so used 
to keeping things to myself, that I forget sometimes."

	The princess returned the smile. "Of course you are forgiven, Yosho. Now 
please tell me where we are going."

	He folded his arms and leaned back into the chair. "We are heading to a 
secret base known only to a few in the Juraian military. It is a location that 
is only to be used in great times of need." Yosho leaned over and activated a 
holographic map of the Juraian Empire and the regions just outside of it. He 
pointed to a sliver blip on the map. "This is the Fallen Sun. Tenchi teleported 
us just outside the Empire." He moved his finger up the map to a planetless 
area. "In this sector, there is a black hole." Ayeka did not like where this was 
going. 

	"Thousands of years ago, before father took the throne, a Juraian Emperor 
invested much funds into military. It was during this time that the Empire 
acquired many of the outer colonies. In order to maintain security in these new 
colonies, the Emperor wanted a new military base to be built. However, he wanted 
this institution to be a secret. So, he personally researched these sectors for 
the perfect location. Eventually, he decided to build it near this black hole."

	Ayeka was in complete awe. "How was that possible?" 

	Yosho's face was like stone. "He was the Emperor of Jurai. The power of 
the Royal family was his to command. He summoned the maximum limit of Jurai 
Power that he could hold and created a shield around the black hole. To any 
common observer and to all standard sensors, that black hole looks as active as 
ever. In reality, you could put on a space suit and float directly in front of 
the hole and not be affected at all."

	The story had left Ayeka in a slight state of shock. "So they built the 
base right next to the black hole?" Yosho nodded. "Isn't there a danger that the 
shield will fail someday?"

	"As long as at least one member of the Royal family who can control that 
much Jurai power exists, the shield will remain intact," replied the former 
prince.

	Ayeka hesitated to pose her next question. "Who currently has that much 
power?"

	Yosho's face became a little somber. "Since I do not know what has 
happened to father, I can honestly say that it could be either you or Tenchi."
													
	"Then it must be Tenchi," stated Ayeka. "He commands the Light Hawk Wings. 
That is more power than I can possibly fathom."

	"That is not true, Ayeka," corrected her brother. "Tenchi's Light Hawk 
Wings were born out of Tsunami's powers as a goddess and from the Tree of Light. 
Yes, Tenchi probably commands a grand amount of Jurai Power, but you also hold 
an enormous amount of power within you. You have simply not drawn on it yet."

	Ayeka did not respond. This was a lot of information to digest. She rose 
from her chair and started to leave the bridge. "I will be in my quarters, 
brother. Please inform me when we arrive at the base."

	"I will, Ayeka. Rest well." He turned his chair and resumed piloting the 
Fallen Sun. 

	The First Crown Princess of Jurai slowly walked down the halls of the 
Fallen Sun. She eventually came to her room on the second level of the ship. It 
was a simple room with a bunk, a desk, chair, and a small closet. Ayeka untied 
her violet sash and hung her blue kimono in the closet. She was now only wearing 
a white, silk shift. With a sigh, Ayeka laid down on the bed and closed her 
eyes. The princess could not shake the feeling that her life was going to change 
more drastically than it already had.

	No sooner had she fallen asleep, did Yosho's voice come over the intercom. 
"Please come to the bridge, ladies," he asked in a polite manner. "We have 
arrived."

_____

	Ayeka had to admit that she was afraid of being so close to a black hole, 
even if it was shielded by the Power of Jurai. Yosho skillfully steered the 
Fallen Sun around the singularity. Just beyond the hole floated a large Juraian 
star base. Its main body was a half sphere of Tritanium alloy with three large 
space trees growing out of it. The roots of the three trees were wrapped all 
around the base. Other than that, Ayeka could see no discernable features on its 
surface. Roughly a hundred Juraian battle ships were floating around the base. 

	"Unidentified ship," came a male voice over the COM. "We have our weapons 
locked on you. Please reverse your course and leave before we are forced to open 
fire."

	Yosho tapped the COM unit to reply. "Juraian base Black Star Alpha, this 
is the Fallen Sun. I will be transmitting the correct authorization codes so 
that we may dock with you." He typed in the codes.

	There was a small pause on the other side of the communication. "By 
Tsunami!" came the male voice. "You may dock immediately, your Highness."

	"Thank you," answered Yosho. "Signing off." He turned off the COM unit. 

	The Juraian fleet parted and let the Fallen Sun make its way to Black Star 
Alpha. The crescent ship flew up docked inside one of the base's landing bays. 
Yosho powered down the Sun carefully before rising from the pilot's seat. He 
left the bridge, and Ayeka grabbed an ooing and ahhing Mihoshi and followed 
close behind. The three of them stepped into a turbo lift and went down the 
first level. They exited right in front of the Sun's ramp. Yosho pushed a green 
button and the hatch opened slowly. 

	Yosho led the small party down the ramp and into the base's landing bay. 
Ayeka was pleased to see fifty Juraian knights standing at attention before the 
ship. At the bottom of the ramp there was a distinguished looking Juraian 
officer. He was wearing a pristine white Juraian uniform with green lapels that 
announced his rank as an admiral. His square face was aged, but his lavender 
eyes revealed the fiery spirit that still resided within. His white hair was not 
cut in the normal Juraian fashion. Ayeka was surprised to see that it resembled 
what earthlings called a buzz cut. 

	When her brother stepped off the ramp, the admiral extended his right 
hand. Yosho grasped it firmly and pulled the other gentleman into an embrace. 
Both men were laughing. 

	"It is good to see you, Lord Yosho," said the admiral in a gruff voice. 
"What's it been? Seven hundred years?"

	Yosho stepped back from the embrace with a smile on his face. "Yes, about 
that long, Admiral Judroa. And please, just call me Yosho. I gave up being a 
prince a long time ago." He turned to Ayeka with his hand extended. "Admiral let 
me introduce you to my party."

	Ayeka stepped forwards with her own hand extended. "Princess Ayeka, let me 
introduce Admiral Rital Judroa." 

	Admiral Judroa took Ayeka's hand and kissed the back of it. "It relieves 
me to see that you are safe, your Highness."

	Ayeka smiled at him warmly. "Thank you, Admiral."

	Yosho moved his hand in front of Mihoshi. "And this is Detective First 
Class Mihoshi Kuramitsu of the Galaxy Police."

	The blond GP gave the Admiral a stiff salute. "It is an honor to meet you, 
Sir."

	Admiral Judroa returned the salute with practiced form. Judroa lowered his 
hand from his forehead and returned his gaze to Yosho. "I assume you know what 
has happened."

	Yosho nodded. "Yes. We have been to Jurai and seen it for ourselves."

	The Admiral's eyes widened. "Amazing. There have been no survivors from 
the home fleet. Come, let us all go to my quarters and discuss things." 

	They all followed Admiral Judroa to his quarters in Black Star Alpha. The 
instillation looked just like any other Juraian base. The halls were spartan 
with only doors to other areas of the base visible. Juraian soldiers walked up 
and down the halls heading to posts. All of them saluted the Admiral as he 
passed by. The old Juraian's quarters were not what Ayeka had expected. She had 
expected his room to be ornately decorated due to his station. In reality, there 
was just a modest sitting room with a table for dining, chairs, and a couple of 
battle ship models. Ayeka could see a bedroom in the background along with a 
washroom. Judroa offered them all chairs at the table as he collected some 
glasses for drinks.

	He poured himself a glass of green liquid and sat down. "So, how was it 
that after seven hundred years you appear here in what seems to be the Empire's 
greatest hour of need?"

	For the next hour, Yosho and Ayeka explained the events that had started 
with Ryoko's attack on Jurai. They both ended with their own partial memories of 
the battle with Ziasha on Jurai. "So, the rumors about the boy with the Light 
Hawk Wings have been true." Judroa chuckled. "And he is your grandson. That is 
very interesting, Yosho."

	"I have to say, that I am very proud of him. He has exceeded even my own 
skills," admitted Yosho. "But now I have some questions for you, old friend. Can 
you tell us exactly what happened to the fleet? We have met the culprit, but we 
do not know what he did to defeat Jurai."

	The Admiral sighed and placed his drink on the table. "I was not at Jurai 
when the attacks happened. I doubt I would be here now if I had been. I was 
commanding a small fleet that was inspecting the outer defenses of the colonies. 
His Majesty was supposed to have done it, but a political matter arose at the 
Palace, so I volunteered to go in his place." His eyes were very shadowed. 
"Reports from surviving ships say that demons and monsters appeared from nowhere 
and took all fleets by surprise. There was no time for a single ship to raise 
defenses or even counter attack. The demons demolished everything."

	"How many ships do we have left?" asked Yosho.

	"I am sorry to say that more than eighty percent of the fleet was lost in 
the initial attack." Ayeka gasped. "Our current strength is only a little over 
three hundred ships strong," continued Judroa. "Black Star Alpha is serving as 
our base of operations because of its secret location. The fleet is now 
dispersed in deep space outside the outer colonies."

	"Wow, that's really horrible," said Mihoshi. Tears started to form in her 
eyes. "I don't wanna see any of those scary monsters."

	"This is truly dreadful," said Ayeka completely ignoring Mihoshi. "What do 
you plan to do now, Admiral?"

	He rose and folded his hands behind his back. "Our preliminary plans focus 
around regaining control of the outer colonies. We must retake them and create a 
strong defensive position. The main problem, however, is our lack of fleet 
strength. We have only seen this Ziasha's demon force. They dealt us a horrible 
blow, but I do not believe they are his main weapon to retain control of Jurai 
space."

	"You believe he has a fleet we have not seen yet?" finished Yosho.

	Judroa nodded again. "I have no idea what or where this fleet could be, 
but it most likely out matches us at least five to one. So as commander of our 
forces, my only recourse right now is to gather what ships and troops I have and 
prepare them all the best I can."

	Mihoshi yawned. "Gee, all this depressing talk is making me tired."

	"You all must be very exhausted." He raised his wrist communicator to his 
mouth. "This is the Admiral. Have some rooms prepared for Her Highness and the 
others."

	It only took a few moments before one of the Admiral's men arrived to take 
them to their rooms. Ayeka and Mihoshi started to leave. The princess stopped 
when she realized her brother hadn't left the table. "Don't worry about me, 
Ayeka. I just want to talk to the Admiral about a few things before I get some 
rest."

	Ayeka wanted to stay and listen to what they were going to talk about, but 
she knew better than to try and argue with Yosho. "Well, good night, brother. I 
will see you later." She reluctantly turned and followed the soldier to her 
room.

_____

 	Yosho watched the door close. He crossed his arms and looked at Judroa. 
"So how bad is it really, Rital?"

	The older Juraian laughed and seated himself again. "You haven't changed a 
bit since the days I tutored you in military tactics, Yosho. Always able to tell 
when I was holding back information." He sighed and suddenly looked a lot older. 
"There are barely any free colonies left. As I said before, there are no enemy 
ships that we know of, but apparently each captured colony is swarming with 
demon hordes."

	This was grave indeed. "How do you plan to lead us to victory then?" asked 
Yosho with a grin.

	Judroa laughed at the younger man's question. "I'm not the leader for this 
one, Yosho my boy. I'm just a grizzled old warrior. I don't have the energy to 
be the leader our people will look up to." He leaned forward. "I was hoping that 
you would be that leader."

	Yosho shook his head. "Not me, old friend. I have been out of the scene 
for too long. The soldiers will need a leader that they already know. I believe 
that Ayeka will fill that role nicely."

	The Admiral gave him a questioning look. "Really? Why not your grandson, 
Tenchi? He seems the most likely."

	"First of all, I have no idea where he is at this time. The boy could be 
in another galaxy for all we know. Besides, Tenchi is not the one to lead us 
through this part of the battle, Rital," replied Yosho. "He will be one of the 
people to end this war once and for all. Now, however, we need a war leader." 

	"You are correct that we need a war leader, but are you sure she can do 
it?" Judroa scratched his chin. "She has not been raised for it, after all."

	"Ayeka is stronger than she looks," assured Yosho. "She has an inner 
strength that has not even been tapped into yet. In the future, Ayeka is going 
to have to deal with some very hard truths. It is from her experiences now that 
she will gain the strength to deal with her own emotions."

	Judroa gave him a wry smile. "I see. Tell me what your part is in this."

	Yosho began scratching the back of his head. "I was hoping that you had 
need of an experienced warrior."

	"Well, I am short on experienced ship captains," answered the Admiral. 
"You were always my best student, Yosho. It would be a great asset if you were 
one of my chief commanders."

	Yosho stood and saluted his new commanding officer. "I await my first set 
of orders, Sir." Both men burst out laughing and shared another drink before 
calling it an evening.

_____

	Ziasha sat in his new office going over screens of data. He had converted 
one of the Palace's larger rooms into this office. The entire room was lined 
with pieces of artwork from all over the Palace. The dark warrior sat in the 
center of a crescent shaped desk. Screens floated all around him displaying 
information about all the conquered planets.

	A presence made itself known, and Ziasha stopped reading. "What is it, 
D3?"

	"We need to discuss the war effort, Ziasha," said the demi-god.

	"Fine," said Ziasha with a sigh. "What is the problem?"

	Ziasha could feel D3's mood darken. "I have completed setting up the demon 
lords on each captured planet. Our demon forces are also stationed in force in 
all areas. Her Majesty has placed you in charge of this war. I am curious as to 
what our next step is?"

	Ziasha opened another screen that showed the space surrounding the planet. 
Grid 3 was completely covered in little red dots. "Have you looked at grid 
three?"

	"A rather large fleet just came out of hyperspace," answered D3. "Are they 
the ones we talked about?"

	"Yes," said Ziasha. "I contacted the rest of our Lady's followers. It 
turns out that they have had jobs of their own to complete, but I think you 
already knew that."

	"Of course I did," said D3. "It was not my place, anymore, to contact 
them."

	"Do I sense a little jealousy D3?" goaded Ziasha.

	"I am not capable of such an emotion, Ziasha. Everything I do is for Lady 
Tokimi."

	Ziasha grimaced. "You are correct, D3. Summon the strongest of Lady 
Tokimi's followers from that fleet. Tell them to meet me here."

	"It shall be done," replied D3's voice. 

	Ziasha smiled and leaned back in his high backed, read leather chair. It 
was only a few minutes later when there was a knock at the door. Ziasha waved a 
hand, and the door opened. In walked three figures. The first that entered was a 
small humanoid in red and green robes. His ears were pointed, and his face was 
all human except for the oversized fangs. Matted black hair covered his head. 
The second to enter was a fair sized, golden scaled creature. It was hairless 
with human features minus a nose. It wore silver battle armor, but carried no 
visible weapon. The third was an average looking human male wearing some sort of 
black and red uniform. His gray eyes were emotionless, and his blond hair was 
combed straight back. 

	"I am Ortav," said the small humanoid.

	"Call me Sssezen," hissed the golden scaled creature.

	"My name is Draytif," said the human male.

	"Which one of you commands that fleet?" asked Ziasha not bothering to 
waste time with anymore formalities.

	"I am that fleet's commander," answered Draytif.

	Ziasha leveled his red eyes on Draytif. "How many ships do you have, 
commander?"

	"Almost seven hundred ships, my Lord," he answered quickly.

	"Excellent, Draytif," said the dark warrior. "I have a mission for you. 
The remnants of the Juraian fleet are scattered across the outer colonies. Take 
five hundred of your ships and eradicate them."

	"But what about the rest of the fleet, my Lord?" questioned Draytif. "That 
is not enough to defend the rest of the conquered territories."

	"That is not your concern, commander," warned Ziasha. "We will soon have 
another fleet joining the ranks of your own. Your only worry is killing off the 
rest of the Juraians. Now leave." Draytif bowed and left the room. Ziasha looked 
at the remaining to men. "You are not needed yet, Ortav. Find a room in this 
palace and make yourself comfortable." Ortav bowed and left.
													
	"What do you wisssh of me, my Lord Ziasssha," asked Sezen.

	"Another of our Lady's old followers started a project for our use a long 
time ago," said Ziasha. "I want you to retrieve it for me. Coordinates to its 
location will be transported to your ship."

	The gold scaled creature bowed deeply. "Asss you command, my Lord." He 
turned and walked out.

	Ziasha felt D3's presence return. "What are you planning, Ziasha? Where is 
this second fleet going to come from?"

	Ziasha smiled and rose from his chair. "Why, my dear D3, our new fleet is 
already here so don't worry about it." He started for the door to the office. 
"Now is that the only reason you came back here? I know there are other things 
you should be doing."

	"I have some news that I think you will be very interested in," said the 
demi-god. Ziasha figured that if D3 could smile he would be doing so right now. 
Ziasha waited for him to continue. "It seems that the Daughter of Washu and 
Tsunami's Knight have been seen in the outer rim of this galaxy."

	The blood in Ziasha's veins began to boil. "How long ago were they seen?"

	"They blasted away from the planet Dewtil less than a day ago," replied 
D3. "What do you wish to do about this? And remember that Lady Tokimi requires 
that you stay here on Jurai to oversee all operations."

	"I know," growled Ziasha. "Send Garthinial and his mizrens to get them. He 
had some success on Earth against that little bitch. Tell the demon that I want 
the boy alive, but if he proves too difficult.......kill him." That was 
frustrating to say, but his Lady commanded that he stay on Jurai. He could not 
let his personal feelings get in the way of her plans.

	"I will take care of it now," said D3. And he was gone.

	Ziasha was fuming as he left his office and headed for his ship, the Dark 
Heart.

													
					
To be continued...

Notes- Let's see. Nothing really to say here. There was not a thing that I 
thought needed any real explanation. All comments please go to 
Roas1@hotmail.com. 
