Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses

"A Little Fun?"


													
	Ziasha roared in anger. He slammed both fists into the control panel, but 
the Dark Heart still did not respond.  What had those damned GP done to his 
ship!? None of its systems were responding at all! Black flames formed in each 
of his hands as his anger grew. It would only be a matter of minutes before the 
GP would board the Dark Heart and try to arrest him. The black fire grew in his 
hands. The GP would be sorry they found him this day. Ziasha's power began to 
grow and surround his body. Suddenly, he felt a psychic shield form around him. 
The green haired criminal roared again as he felt his power begin to diminish. 
"Who dares to do this to me!?" he screamed.

	"Ziasha Corodune," said an ominous male voice. 

	"Who's there?" Ziasha could not see anyone else in the room.

	"I am here to bring you an offer of unimaginable power, Ziasha Corodune," 
said the voice again. "All you must do is submit to your new master."

	Power. That was what he desired most of all. Power as ancient as the 
cosmos. Ziasha smiled. "If power is what you offer, then I'm game."

	"A very wise decision," answered the voice. "It is now time to leave." 
Ziasha cried out as he felt himself pulled into subspace.

______

	"Where did it go?" wondered Mihoshi. 

	Kiyone slowly got to her feet. Once standing, she walked over to Mihoshi. 
They both looked at the view screen in awe. Kiyone punched up another view 
screen, which showed a scan of the area. "According to the readings, the ship 
was sucked into subspace, but that's impossible. There is no evidence of a 
subspace generator anywhere, so how in hell did that ship get there?"

	"Maybe we should ask Washu for help?" suggested Mihoshi.

	Kiyone gave her partner a smirk. "For once, Mihoshi, you have good idea." 
She punched up readout of the damage done to the Yagami during the battle. The 
teal haired GP sighed and turned to leave the bridge. "Some of the primary 
systems got fried when I fired the EMP wave. You stay here while I get them up 
to standard levels of operation. Then we'll head home and see what Washu can do 
for us."

	Mihoshi smiled and gave her partner an enthusiastic nod. Kiyone winced 
slightly as the blond started to fiddle with her control cube. "Now, let's see 
if I can get that cup of coffee this time."

_____

	"Come on everyone!" called Tenchi. "It's time to go!" He reached into his 
jeans and took out the van keys to emphasize the point. At the same time, he 
patted his other pocket which held Tenchi-ken.

	Finally, the girls came out of the house one by one. Ayeka came out first. 
She was wearing a simple pair of tan trousers, a short sleeved white blouse, and 
a dark pink vest. Sasami followed close behind wearing a pair of jean shorts and 
a T-shirt with a picture of cabbit Ryo-ohki on the front. Holding the little 
princess's hand was toddler Ryo-okhi in her pink dress with carrots on it. Next 
came Washu in a long yellow and white stripped shirt and shorts. She was 
tinkering with some metal ball in her hands. Bringing up the rear was Ryoko. The 
former space pirate was in a pair of jeans, her red tank top, and a black 
leather jacket. 

	"All right," cheered the cyan haired demoness. "Let's get this party 
started." She vanished and reappeared next to Tenchi. "Come on, Tenchi. Start 
the van and let's go." By now she was tugging on his green T-shirt.

	Tenchi turned his head to look at Ayeka and was relieved to see that the 
princess was holding her temper, just barely. Tenchi carefully extracted himself 
from Ryoko's grasp and headed for the driver's side. He stopped and looked back 
at the house to see Noboyuki standing in the door holding a sleeping Mayuka. 
"Remember to fill up the gas tank, Tenchi," he called out.

	"Cheap bastard," muttered Ryoko.

	Tenchi ignored her and waved back to his father. He opened the door to the 
van and started to get in. "Shotgun!" shouted Ryoko and Ayeka at the same time. 
The two women scowled at each other.

	"Now, now girls," interrupted Washu who had somehow already seated herself 
next to Tenchi in the front. "The front seats are for the parents, Little Ryoko. 
You kids need to sit in the back and behave." She smiled and cackled at them.

	"Gee, thanks, Mom," grumbled Ryoko as she got into the back. Ayeka shot 
Washu a cold stare and followed the other woman. Sasami and Ryo-ohki happily 
jumped into the van. The doors closed, the engine started, and they were off to 
the carnival.

	It took them a little less than an hour to reach the fair grounds. All the 
occupants of the van smiled as they saw the lights from the carnival 
highlighting the already darkening sky. "Wow!" cried Sasami with glee. "Look at 
the Ferris wheel and those small rocket ships going around in circles!" She 
scrambled up to the front and stuck her head between the front seats. "Can we go 
on the rocket ship ride, Tenchi?" she asked with a hopeful smile.

	"Sure, Sasami," he answered. "We can go on whatever you want."

	"Yay!" cheered the little girl. Ryo-ohki meowed happily as Sasami 
continued to cheer.

	It took another ten minutes to get a parking space and walk to the 
entrance of the carnival. The event was being held in an open field. Rides could 
be seen all over the place with small groups of carnival games scattered in 
between. Tenchi bought three adult tickets and three children's tickets (Washu 
had insisted she was eligible for child's admission). They entered the carnival 
grounds, and Sasami and Ryo-ohki were off and running. For the next hour and a 
half the older members of the group allowed the kids to choose the rides and 
games. It was 9:30 when they arrived at the bumper cars. 

	"Oooooo, Tenchi," said Ryoko. She grabbed his right arm and started 
pulling. "Let's go on the bumper cars!"

	"Yeah!" agreed Sasami. "Those look like fun!"

	"Meow!" added Ryo-ohki.

	Tenchi couldn't help but smile. "Well, looks like that's settled." Ryoko 
whooped. She, Sasami, and Ryo-ohki ran ahead. 

	"This should be interesting," said Washu as she went after them.

	Tenchi started to go after them when Ayeka grabbed him by the arm. "Um, 
Lord Tenchi." He looked at her. "I have kept my end of the bargain so far 
tonight, therefore...," she left the last part hanging.

	Tenchi felt himself starting to sweat. "Uh...um...ah...M...Miss 
A...Ayeka," he stammered. Maybe it hadn't been such a good idea to make that 
deal with her. Then again, he thought, what would have Ryoko required in order 
to behave? He decided not to try and think about that.

	"Come now, Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka. "You promised me." She made puppy dog 
eyes at him. "You wouldn't want to break your promise, would you?"

	"I...I guess not," he said finally. "So, what ride do you want to go on?" 
She took a firm grip on his right arm and dragged him away without answering.

_____

	Ryoko hopped into the seat of a red bumper car and started to rev its 
small engine. She started to scan the other cars for Ayeka, but decided to 
forget about ramming the princess when she spotted Washu. Her "mother" was 
climbing into a blue car. A few more seconds passed, and an alarm sounded 
throughout the bumper car arena. Ryoko hit the gas pedal immediately and headed 
towards Washu. The small scientist was still inspecting her car as Ryoko neared 
her at full speed. At the last second, Washu looked up and smiled at her 
daughter. Ryoko did not have time to respond. Her prepared taunt never got a 
chance to be used because Washu's car had disappeared. "What the hell?"

	Ryoko was jolted forward as Washu's car hit her from behind. The demoness 
regained her bearings and turned towards the sound of nasal laughter, but Washu 
was gone again. Ryoko's car was sent sliding again as Washu slammed into her. 
Things went on this way for several more minutes. Ryoko was recovering from her 
latest contact with Washu's blue car when she had an idea. She spun around and 
smiled when she saw that the little pest was still in one spot. The former 
pirate quickly checked to make sure no one was looking before releasing a small 
bolt of energy from her left hand. The bolt sliced right through the rod that 
allowed Washu's car to be powered by the electric system in the ceiling. Washu's 
eyes went wide as she watched the severed piece of rod fall into her lap. 

	Wasting no time, Ryoko floored it and raced towards the crippled blue car. 
Washu was frantically trying to make her car move, but to no avail. For added 
excitement, Ryoko slightly levitated in her seat and started to fly. The wheels 
of the red car started to smoke from the added speed of Ryoko's flying. Washu 
was visibly shaking now. Ryoko's fangs gleamed as she gave her an evil grin. 

	There was a loud crack as the red car crashed into the blue one. Washu's 
car went skidding across the arena floor with the small scientist screaming all 
the way. The force from the impact was so large that the blue car did not stop 
when it reached the wall. Ryoko smiled as she stared at the bumper car shaped 
hole in the wall. "Hey, Tenchi!" she called out. "Did you see that?"

	When no one answered, she looked away from her handy work to scan the 
other cars. For the first time Ryoko realized that Tenchi wasn't in any of the 
other cars. Her eyes thinned when she came to another realization. Ayeka was no 
where to be seen either. When all the bumper cars finally stopped, Ryoko was 
ready to explode with anger.

_____

	Tenchi swallowed hard as he and Ayeka sat in one of the Ferris wheel's 
compartments. The wheel had already gone around once, and now it had stopped. 
Tenchi looked out the window at the ground fifty feet below. He looked back at 
Ayeka who was sitting across from him. She smiled at him. "Isn't it nice and 
peaceful up here, Lord Tenchi?"
													
	He nodded. "It is kinda nice." Tenchi knew that he was in a precarious 
situation. Despite what most of the others thought, he was very well aware that 
both Ayeka and Ryoko had certain feelings for him. Of course, he still was not 
sure just how intense those feelings actually were. Then again, the problem 
wasn't all them. Most of the problem lay with him. He just could not decide how 
he really felt about either of the women. He knew that he cared about each of 
them a great deal. There was no doubt that he would risk death in order to 
protect them from danger. But that was not in question here. He just did not 
know how deep his feelings ran for either one of them. 

	He sighed inwardly. Then there was the problem of what would happen if he 
ever did choose. Which ever one he didn't choose would be devastated, and Tenchi 
knew that he was definitely uncomfortable with causing that kind of pain. Part 
of him yearned to make a decision, and the other part just wanted things to 
always stay the same despite that yearning. It just seemed that no matter what, 
someone was going to be hurt, and Tenchi knew that he would rather be the one in 
pain than to see hurt in either Ryoko's or Ayeka's eyes. He sighed inwardly 
again and looked back out the window.

_____

	While Tenchi was wrestling with his own emotions, Ayeka was trying her 
hardest to bring hers out into the open. The words were clear in her mind, but 
try as she might the princess could not speak her feelings to Tenchi. She knew 
that this was partially due to her upbringing as a noble, but then there was the 
distinct feeling that there was something else holding her back. Why couldn't 
she just tell Tenchi how she felt? 

	Ayeka realized that she was watching Tenchi very closely. He was looking 
out of the window completely involved in his own thoughts. She suddenly saw how 
uncomfortable he was up here in the Ferris wheel. Ayeka took one of her violet 
ponytails and started to twist it around the fingers of her right hand. She was 
suddenly very ashamed for forcing Tenchi to humor her with a ride. She realized 
that she was nearly stooping to Ryoko's level of seduction. That thought sent a 
slight shiver down her spine. That settled it. If she was going to win Tenchi's 
heart, it would be because she won his love in the only way she knew how. She 
would win him by being the image of the proper and perfect princess. 

	She was jolted out of her thoughts when the wheel started to move again. A 
small part of her mind screamed that she had just let a perfect opportunity slip 
away. The rest of her mind, however, told her otherwise. The wheel stopped so 
that she and Tenchi could exit. "Why don't we go and see how the others are 
doing, Lord Tenchi?"

	A smile appeared on his face. "I think that's probably a good idea." She 
could hear the relief in his voice. They left the Ferris wheel and headed back 
towards the bumper cars.

_____

	Tokimi's Temple floated silently through the vastness of space. D3 
appeared and deposited his charge in the massive center chamber of the Temple. 
Ziasha Corodune lay unconscious on one of the floating platforms. The demi-god 
closed his ethereal blue eyes. "I have brought the one you desire, my Lady."

	"Very good, D3," answered the voice of the goddess. "Now, bring me one of 
my sisters."

	D3 nodded. "Do you have a preference, my Lady?"

	There was silence for a moment. "Bring me Tsunami. The child she is bonded 
to will be easier to deal with than Washu. Once we have Tsunami under our 
control, then Washu will not be a problem."

	"As you command, Lady Tokimi." D3 nodded again and vanished.

	When his red jewel reappeared, it was hovering over the planet earth. D3's 
head shimmered into view. The demi-god looked past reality until an image of a 
carnival appeared before him. He instantly saw his target. Tsunami's host was 
running through a crowd of humans. If he could have, D3 would have smirked at 
who was following the child. Washu and her daughter were not far behind. He did 
not see the boy who could create Light Hawk Wings, but his presence was there. 
This was going to make things interesting. 

	D3 shifted his sight to half a mile away from the carnival. He opened a 
minor dimensional portal, and at least a dozen shadowy forms scurried out into 
this dimension. "Bring the child to Her Majesty and kill anyone who tries to 
stop you."

_____

	She wanted to blow something up. In fact, Ryoko was dying to blow 
something up. Anger writhed all over her body. The only reason she did not start 
loosing energy blasts all over the place was Tenchi. She knew that he had wanted 
to have a nice, normal outing for once. It would hurt him deeply if she started 
destroying the carnival simply because she was in a snit. How could Ayeka do 
this? 

	"You would have done the same if you had thought of it," said Washu.

	"Get out of my mind, Washu," growled Ryoko. "If I wanted your advice, I 
would've asked for it."

	"I'm simply trying to be a good mother, Little Ryoko," replied the 
scientist in an emotionless tone.

	Maybe she could blast Washu? That would definitely make her feel better. 
Ryoko's entertaining thoughts of frying Washu were suddenly halted. An odd scent 
was in the air. She stopped and scanned the crowd. The former pirate took in 
another whiff of air. There was definitely something out there that did not 
belong at this carnival. "Washu," she whispered.

	"I know," she said in a low voice. "I'll find Tenchi and Ayeka. You watch 
Sasami." Washu was off without another word. 

	Ryoko told Ryo-ohki over their mind link to bring Sasami back to her. The 
cabbit understood and said they would be right there. Seconds later, Ryoko saw 
the cabbit toddler leading Sasami towards her. Ryoko waved, and Sasami waved 
back. Something behind Sasami moved. Ryoko took to the air instantly and zoomed 
towards the little princess. Carnival patrons were shocked and surprised as 
Ryoko blew past them at mach one. 

	Something jumped from the crowd of people at Sasami. Fortunately, Ryo-ohki 
was sharing Ryoko's vision and pushed the little princess to the ground. People 
screamed and ran in all directions from the monster standing over the cabbit and 
the girl. It was a reptilian creature that stood about five feet tall. Onyx 
black scales covered its rippling muscles. Glowing yellow eyes held nothing but 
a need to kill. The creature hissed revealing rows of sharp, white teeth. Four 
foot long claws could be seen on each hand. Ryoko noted every aspect of her 
enemy as she closed in. Red energy sword in hand, the former pirate attacked. 
	
	The lizard looked up just in time to see Ryoko take its head off. The 
headless body fell to the ground. Ryoko tensed and scanned the carnival grounds. 
There were no other people in sight. Ryoko cursed as several more of the lizard 
creatures materialized around her, Sasami, and Ryo-ohki. She counted at least 
six. "Are you okay, Sasami?" she asked quickly.

	Sasami had picked herself up off the ground and was holding Ryo-ohki very 
close. "I...I...I'm okay, Ryoko," she stammered in a small voice. "What are 
they?"

	"Not friends," answered Ryoko. "When I say so, I want you to run and find 
your sister, Sasami."

	"I can't leave you here, Ryoko," said Sasami.

	Ryoko gave her a crooked smile. "Don't worry, kid. I can handle myself 
just fine." Silently, however, she wished that she had her other two gems.

	The six creatures were now circling them. Ryoko gauged the distance 
between each of the monsters while charging a blast in her left hand. "Now!" she 
shouted. Ryoko fired an energy blast from her left hand at a pair of creatures. 
Half their bodies were incinerated by the blast, while the remains fell to the 
ground. Sasami and Ryo-ohki bolted for the opening.

	The remaining four lizards converged on the fleeing princess, but Ryoko 
was there to fend them off. She vanished and reappeared right behind Sasami just 
as one of them lunged for her. Ryoko caught its jaw with her left hand and flung 
it into another lizard attacking from the right. The former space pirate was 
knocked to the ground when one of the lizards landed on her back. She cried out 
in pain as it sunk its jaws into her left shoulder. Acting on instinct, she 
phased up through the creature. The surprised lizard hit the dirt, and Ryoko 
drove her sword into the back of its head. She spun around as two more lizards 
jumped at her. Ryoko raised her sword to slash at them, but they suddenly 
stopped in mid air. A swarm of power logs materialized around the two beasts and 
proceeded to electrocute them until there was nothing but ash left behind. 

	Ryoko looked behind her and saw Ayeka standing with her hands 
outstretched. Behind the violet haired princess was Sasami and Ryo-ohki. Ryoko 
tried to call out to them, but she couldn't seem to take in enough air to make a 
sound. She started to panic as air became hard to breathe. Ryoko didn't 
necessarily need to breathe, but the former pirate did need a few moments to 
switch her internal system over to non-breathing mode. And in her current state 
of panic, Ryoko couldn't focus her thoughts at all. To add to her distress, 
Ryoko's skin suddenly felt like it was on fire. She tried to cry out again, but 
no sound came. Ryoko passed out before she could try to scream again. 

_____

	Tenchi broke into a dead run when he saw Ryoko pass out. Tenchi-ken flared 
to life in his hands, and the young man attacked the last two lizard creatures 
that were going for the prone Ryoko. He caught the first one off guard and 
sliced it in half. The second monster hissed and lunged at him. Tenchi 
sidestepped to his right just dodging the monster's eight claws. The lizard 
stopped on a dime, changed direction, and lunged at Tenchi again. Tenchi brought 
his right knee up and hit the lizard under its jaw. The creature dropped to the 
ground, and Tenchi quickly drove his blue blade into it. 

	With the last creature seemingly dead, Tenchi shut his sword off and ran 
to the unconscious Ryoko. He dropped to his knees and held her in his arms. 
"Ryoko? Wake up!" She didn't move. That's when he saw she wasn't breathing.

	The others ran over and knelt down next to him. Tenchi looked at Washu 
expectantly. "Do you know what's wrong with her, Little Washu? She's not 
breathing."

	Washu leaned forward and touched the wound on Ryoko's left shoulder. "One 
of those things bit her. Apparently, they're venomous. The venom has paralyzed 
most of her internal systems. Ryoko doesn't really have to breathe air to 
survive, but she does have to consciously switch over to not breathing." Washu 
reached out and caressed her daughter's face. "I've switched her internal 
systems over to none breathing mode using our mental link. Ryoko's healing 
abilities should be able to do the job from here. We should get her back to my 
lab, though, so that I can keep an eye on her progress."

	"Then let's go," said Tenchi. He picked up Ryoko in his arms, and the 
group headed to the van before any of the other carnival patrons appeared and 
started asking questions. 

	The ride back to the Masaki home was a silent one. Tenchi drove at full 
speed all the way. Washu used her keyboard to make the van invisible to police 
radar. Ayeka sat in the front passenger seat with a sleeping Sasami in her lap. 
Ryoko was laid out on the back seat with her head resting in Washu's lap. The 
small red head was tenderly caressing her child's hair. Ryo-ohki, in her cabbit 
form, was sitting on Ryoko's stomach with a worried look in her eyes. Tenchi's 
mind was blank except for the need to get home as quickly as possible. He didn't 
blink once the whole trip home.

_____

	D3 was not happy. The mizrens had failed. The demi-god vaporized the four 
lizard creatures that had not been killed. Failure was not an option for the 
servants of Lady Tokimi. D3's spectral head vanished and reappeared in the main 
chamber of Tokimi's Temple.

	"You have failed me, D3," came Tokimi's sweet voice. He knew, however, 
that beneath her sweet sound lurked the ability to hand out unimaginable pain. 
"But fear not, my faithful servant. You are too important for me to dispose of. 
We must learn from this failure and use stronger creatures when facing our prey 
again."

	"I thank you for showing leniency to your pathetic servant, my glorious 
Lady," said D3 humbly. 

													
	"You are excused now, D3," ordered Tokimi's voice. "I need to contemplate 
our next move. Washu's daughter and that boy have proved more formidable than I 
first believed." D3 nodded and vanished from Tokimi's presence.

_____

	Ziasha opened his eyes, but saw nothing but darkness. He stood up rubbing 
his eyes. Still he saw only the darkness. What the hell was going on?

	"You have been chosen, Ziasha Corodune," said a female voice in answer to 
his thoughts. "You are in search of great power, and I am going to give it to 
you." The darkness literally peeled away to reveal a strange looking woman. She 
wore an ornate colored dress with a form fitting golden mantle around her chest. 
A white cape billowed behind her, moved by an unfelt wind. Green stripes adorned 
her pale cheeks, and she looked at him with purple, blue eyes. Her brown hair 
was held in place by a golden crown around her forehead. The woman raised a 
purple claw and beckoned Ziasha to come forward. "All you must do is submit to 
me."

	Her voice was like honey. Ziasha found himself entranced. "Who are you?" 
he asked.

	"I am the Goddess Tokimi," she said simply. "Do you want the power I can 
give you?"

	Ziasha walked up to her and kneeled. He knew when he was in the presence 
of true power. "I bow to your will, my Lady, and accept the power that you 
offer."

	She caressed his cheeks with her clawed hands. Four lines of blood 
appeared on both sides of the criminal's face. "What Tsunami can do, I can do as 
well," said the goddess. Ziasha got the distinct feeling that she was not 
talking to him. 

	Ziasha cried out in pain as his insides were set on fire. He looked down 
and saw his flesh starting to bubble. "Power can only be found through pain, my 
dear child," explained Tokimi. Ziasha's eyelids had melted away, so he could not 
help but watch as she moved down to his eye level. "Your power will be great. 
Soon, you will go and fetch both my sisters and the Child of Light and Darkness 
for me, my sweet Ziasha." He cried out again as the pain increased.

To be continued...

Notes- Well that is yet another part done. Hope those who are reading this are 
enjoying it. Either way, I'll finish this just because I love the world of 
Tenchi so much. If you've got anything to say please send comments to 
Roas1@hotmail.com

													
									

													
									
