Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses

"Jurai For Bait"


	"No, Ryoko," said Tenchi adamantly.

	"I'm serious, Tenchi," she shot back. "We can't just leave her here!"

	"I said no , and I mean it!" he shouted.

	"Dammit, Tenchi!" Ryoko shouted in return. "Why the hell do you always 
have to be so damned thick headed when it comes to seeing danger?" She floated 
into the air and started moving about the living room. "We can't just leave 
Mayuka behind!"

	"She won't be alone," he said in a calmer voice. "Dad will be here."

	"Oh, come on," she huffed. "The only thing Noboyuki knows about babies is 
how to make 'em."

	Tenchi turned bright red at that comment, but got his face back under 
control quickly. "I may not have been so for very long, but I am Mayuka's 
father," he said flatly. "And concerning her well being, what I say goes." He 
gave Ryoko a no nonsense look. "Okay?"

	Still not really used to arguing with Tenchi, Ryoko relented with a nod. 
She sighed and vanished. She reappeared in Mayuka's room and floated over her 
crib. The cyan haired woman could not help but smile at the sleeping infant. 
Resisting the urge to pick up the child, Ryoko contented herself to simply watch 
her. The former space pirate was once again surprised at how much this small 
creature had changed her life in the past year. Ever since Washu had brought 
Mayuka back in the form of a baby, Ryoko, as well as the other girls, had become 
something of a collective seraget mother. But for Ryoko it was something more 
than that. To her it went deeper than just taking care of the child's daily 
needs. For the first time since she saw Tenchi that fateful day outside her 
cave, Ryoko loved someone else. 

	She was not sure how or why, but Ryoko knew that she loved Mayuka as if 
she were her own daughter. Perhaps it had started out as another way to become 
closer to Tenchi, but now Ryoko would also give her life to defend the infant. 
She almost regretted how much the child had softened her. Almost. "I wish I 
really was your mommy," whispered Ryoko. 

	Suddenly, there was an explosion outside. The noise instantly woke Mayuka 
up. Ryoko cursed and picked her up. After a minute of soothing words, Mayuka 
drifted back to sleep. An angry Ryoko placed Mayuka gently back in her crib and 
teleported outside. "Okay!" she yelled. "Who the hell woke up the baby!?"

	Ryoko wondered why she had even asked. Sitting in the middle of the 
remains of a loader sat Mihoshi. Around the blond ditz was what was left of 
various pieces of luggage and some of Washu's inventions. Mihoshi just sat there 
holding the steering wheel.

	"Mihoshi!" cried Kiyone who had teleported outside from the Yagami, which 
was hovering over the lake. "How in the name of all that is holy did you manage 
to blow up the loader and all our stuff?"

	"I dunno, Kiyone," answered Mihoshi with complete honesty. "I was taking 
this stuff over to the Yagami like you told me to, and then one of Washu gizmos 
just started making beeping noises. So, I stopped to see which one it was." She 
pointed to a charred piece of metal. "Before I could do anything else it let out 
a really loud shriek that hurt my ears," she complained. "Then, boom." Mihoshi 
made big arm movements to imitate the explosion. 

	Kiyone looked around for a minute and then shrugged. She reached out and 
helped her partner up. "Well, it doesn't seem like it was your fault this time, 
Mihoshi." 

	"Thanks, Kiyone!" said Mihoshi with a giant smile while she dusted off her 
uniform. "Where's my hat?" The GP just started to look for it when Washu and 
Tenchi burst out of the house. 

	Tenchi was holding an active Tenchi-ken, and Washu was packing a very 
large bazooka. "What happened?" asked Tenchi worriedly.

	"Just Mihoshi," replied Ryoko as she teleported herself next to him. He 
sighed and extinguished the Tenchi-ken. It had only been a few hours since Ayeka 
personally declared war on the mysterious enemy, but everyone was already on 
alert for any possible danger.

	"Hmmm," went Washu. She leaned her bazooka up against the house and 
started to type commands into her laptop. "Kiyone!" she called out to the teal 
haired GP.

	"Yes, Washu?" she called back.

	"Which one blew up?" Kiyone pointed to the same chunk of metal Mihoshi 
had. Washu looked at her computer again and cried out. The laptop vanished as 
she lunged for her bazooka.

	"What's the matter, Little Washu?" asked Tenchi. Ryoko saw him grip 
Tenchi-ken harder.

	The little scientist hefted the weapon onto her shoulder and scanned the 
area. She stopped, aimed, and fired an energy blast at a small grouping of trees 
near the lake shore. The blast made contact and obliterated the trees. Ryoko 
blinked and shielded her eyes from the explosion. When she could see again, 
Ryoko looked at the spot where the trees had been. The hole left by the blast 
was already being filled by water from the lake. Then Mihoshi screamed.

	Everyone in the yard looked up to the sky and saw at least a dozen shapes 
flying towards the house. Washu fired another blast into the air, but it just 
kept going as the flying things dodged it. Ryoko phased into her battle suit and 
took to the air. She ignited her red energy sword and flew straight towards the 
nearest enemy. She grimaced at what she was about to fight. A group of 
lizard/bat creatures screeched at her. They were covered in black scales from 
head to foot. Their heads were like snapping turtles with the ears of bats. 
Instead of arms, these creatures each had a pair of bat like wings. Sharp 
taloned feet winked at Ryoko in the sunlight. 

	Ryoko grit her teeth and attacked. The turtle bats, as she thought of 
them, scattered when she flew into the middle of their cluster. The former 
pirate altered he direction and pursued the nearest ones. Ryoko heard another 
blast from Washu's bazooka tear through the air, and she screamed at her mother 
via their link not fire that thing while she was flying around. Ryoko was nearly 
on top of two turtle bats, when she caught movement in the corners of both her 
eyes. She phased out and reappeared ten feet above where she had been. 
Surprised, two more turtle bats collided with each other. As they hit, Ryoko 
converted her sword into an energy blast and vaporized them. 

	She was smiling at her handy work when searing pain ran all over her left 
leg. Ryoko teleported ten more feet to her left as a glob of acid flew through 
the air she had just occupied. "These things spit acid too, huh," she mumbled in 
both anger and surprise. Her leg was burning, but her regenerative abilities 
were already doing their job. With a roar of anger, Ryoko charged at the turtle 
bats again.

	Three more of the creatures met her head on. She quickly phased down six 
feet and released a swarm of hair needles directly up. The needles hit the 
turtle bat in the center and tore right through the membrane of its wings. The 
monster cried out as it fell past Ryoko to its death. The other two turtle bats 
banked downward and charged Ryoko again, each one spewing acid at her. Ryoko 
dodged easily, summoned her sword, and darted towards her approaching foes. They 
were fast, and her first slashes found only air. Their razor sharp talons tried 
to skewer the cyan haired woman, but between a combination of her own speed and 
teleportation Ryoko remained without any new holes. One dove talons first, and 
Ryoko leaned back. The claws were inches from her chest when Ryoko swung upward 
and took the beast's legs off. The second creature tried the same attack. This 
time Ryoko grabbed the first and threw it in front her body. The second turtle 
bat's talons drove right into its partner's chest. The skewered beast was able 
to loose one last cry, but the second couldn't simply because Ryoko separated 
its head from its shoulders. 

	Sweat covered Ryoko's brow. "That's five down and plenty more to go." She 
turned and flew at the next pair of turtle bats with murder in her eyes.

_____

	Tenchi was about to call out to Ryoko, but his attention was diverted by 
another scream from Mihoshi. He looked in the direction of the blond GP and 
cursed as a group of monsters came running up from the lake's shore.  Tenchi-ken 
was alive before he even realized he had ignited it. Just to see if it would 
work, Tenchi tried to push past that inner barrier that kept his Light Hawk 
Wings in check, but as always it would not yield. He pushed the disappointment 
away and charged. He immediately recognized the lizard creatures from the 
carnival. "Remember," he shouted. "Don't let them bite you!"

	Washu suddenly stopped firing into the air and leveled a few blasts into 
the charging lizards. She wiped out at least seven with her first two shots. She 
would have gotten a few more, but the bazooka jammed. The red head cursed loudly 
and ran back inside the house. Tenchi forgot about Washu as the first of the 
remaining lizards reached him. He darted left and right leaving a trail of 
severed reptile limbs behind. A lizard lunged at Tenchi claws first. The young 
man swung his sword to keep the beast at bay while he back peddled. The monster 
lunged again, but this time Tenchi missed a parry. Its right claws stabbed 
Tenchi right in his left side. He cried out in pain and jabbed Tenchi-ken's 
blade right into the monster's head. The lizard collapsed pulling its claws from 
Tenchi's side. 

	Blood flowed from the wound, but Tenchi knew he could not afford to stop 
moving. Two more lizards were charging towards him. Tenchi took a firm defensive 
position and waited for them to strike. They jumped. Tenchi raised his sword to 
counter attack, but the lizards hit an invisible wall two feet in front of him. 
Tenchi turned his head from side to side and saw Azaka and Kamidake.

	"Do not worry, Lord Tenchi," said Azaka.

	"We are here," added Kamidake. 

	Tenchi smiled at the two floating logs and collapsed from the blood loss.

_____

	Using her force field to propel her through the air, Ayeka flew towards 
Tenchi. Two of the lizard that things were lying in front of her Guardians and 
Tenchi got up and started to attack again. Ayeka released a bolt of Jurai Power 
and disintegrated the creatures. She came to a stop next the Kamadake and looked 
down at Tenchi. "Get him to Miss Washu immediately!" she ordered. 

	"Yes, Ma'am." They started to float away to the house with Tenchi between 
them.

	Satisfied that Tenchi was going to get help, Ayeka surveyed the battle 
going on around her. Limbs and lizard corpses littered the yard. A body landed 
just next to Ayeka. She looked up into the air and saw Ryoko smiling down at 
her. The other woman released a few energy bolts and smiled at the princess 
again. "Sorry, chipmunk! You should always remember to look up while you walk!" 
She laughed and chased after another of the flying creatures. 

	"Damned, monster woman," muttered Ayeka with a half smile.

	Blaster fire pulled her thoughts away from Ryoko. She saw Kiyone firing 
off quick shots from her hand blaster at the lizard creatures. Mihoshi, on the 
other hand, was being chased around by one of the flying monsters. A lizard 
jumped in front of her, and the blond ditz let out an ear splitting scream. 
Suddenly, the flying monster tried to cover its bat ears as it went hurtling 
into the lizard. Before she could recover from the first shock, two more lizards 
charged Mihoshi. Scared out of her wits, she pulled her blaster and started to 
fire wildly. Two of her bolts somehow nailed one of the flying beasts in the 
head. The creature died instantly and fell right on top of the two lizards in 
front of Mihoshi. 

	Then Ayeka spotted a small group of the lizards heading for the house. 
There was a tall, hooded figure among them. The princess flew towards them 
without a second thought. Ryoko must have seen them too because red balls of 
energy began to explode around the small group of lizards. The cyan haired woman 
zoomed past the group and took out two of the lizards. The hooded figure made 
several gestures, and the lizards continued into the house. The hooded one just 
stood there and faced down Ryoko. Ayeka knew that her rival could take care of 
herself, so she chased the lizards into the house.

	She let her force field dissipate as she entered the front door. Sasami's 
scream came from upstairs. Ayeka rushed up the stairs just in time to see her 
sister tossed aside by the lizards. Rage exploded from Ayeka in the form of a 
blue energy blast of Jurai Power. She blew away one of the creatures leaving 
only the lower body quivering. Ayeka moved towards Sasami, but the little 
princess shook her head and pointed to an open door. Ayeka paled when she 
realized whose room that was.

_____

	Ryoko floated just several feet away from the hooded stranger. Her energy 
sword hummed in her right hand. "What the hell do you want here?" she snarled.

	The stranger said nothing. In response it reached up and pulled its cloak 
off. Ryoko's eyes thinned at the demon before her. It looked like an oversized 
version of one of those lizards. It was eight feet tall and covered in the same 
black scales. Its head was almost the same except the maw was a little smaller 
and two ram like horns jutted out from its temples. A pair of wings unfolded 
from the demon's back. The demon flexed its forearms, and a three foot blade of 
bone extended forward from each arm. Ryoko also watched warily as its spiked 
tail waved back and forth. 

	While the rest of the battle continued in the yard, the former space 
pirate and the demon stared each other down. "What are you waiting for?" 
questioned Ryoko with a smirk. 

	The demon's eyes glowed a bright yellow. Purple flames surrounded its 
three foot talons. It roared once and charged Ryoko. She reacted instantly and 
batted away the talons. The spiked tail shot up from between the monster's legs 
at her stomach. Ryoko vanished and reappeared behind the demon. She raised her 
sword to strike, but was knocked to the ground by one of the demon's massive 
wings. Ryoko landed hard and had the breath forced from her lungs. Her golden 
eyes went wide as a fiery talon drove for her head. The former pirate 
instinctively phased back into the ground.

	She rose up under the monster sword first, but found nothing there. There 
was another roar as the demon came down at her from the air. Ryoko teleported to 
the roof of the house just as her enemy tore a gash in the ground where she had 
been. "I'm too weak, and this guy's too good," she muttered to no one. "Used up 
all my energy fighting those damned turtles."

A window beneath her exploded and two of the lizard creatures jumped out. 
"Mayuka!" she cried. Ryoko slid through the roof and into the infant's room. 

	The room was a mess. The cradle was turned over, the walls were filled 
with gashes, and every piece of furniture was trashed beyond repair. Ryoko 
sighed with relief when she saw Ayeka holding a whimpering Mayuka. Katsuhito was 
standing next to her holding a blue energy sword. Sasami walked into the room 
holding her head. "Is everyone okay?" asked Ryoko who was mostly concerned with 
Mayuka.

	Ayeka and her brother just nodded. The older Juraian walked past Ryoko and 
looked out the window. He nodded again and extinguished his sword. "It seems 
that our guests have departed." Ryoko turned and looked out the window as well.

	There was nothing alive outside except for a frazzled, crying Mihoshi and 
a limping Kiyone. Ryoko turned back and moved to Ayeka's side. Mayuka saw her 
and settled down a little bit. Ryoko patted her gently on the head and looked 
Ayeka in the eyes. "What happened?" she asked flatly.

	"While you were facing off with that hooded creature, I followed some of 
those monsters into the house." Ayeka glanced at Sasami. "At first I thought 
they were going after Sasami again. But when they passed her by, I was confused. 
Then I saw them enter Mayuka's room." She clutched the infant a little closer. 

	"They were trying to get Mayuka," finished Sasami. 

	"I entered the room, but it was too small for me to discharge any of my 
power," continued Ayeka. "If Yosho had not arrived, I'm not sure if Mayuka would 
still be here."

	Katsuhito was now standing beside them again. "I killed two of them 
easily," he said and motioned to the two corpses. "Before the bodies even hit 
the ground, the other two jumped out the window. Then you arrived."

	Ryoko did not like any of this. Something was definitely wrong with this 
whole situation. None of it made any sense. They had Sasami for the taking, and 
the monsters went for Mayuka instead, and they hadn't even tried to get Washu 
this time. "This settles it," said Ryoko with a hard face, but soft look at 
Mayuka. "I don't care what Tenchi says. The kid comes with us."

_____

	Tenchi sat in the small lounge of the Yagami. There was only a couch, a 
chair, and one table, but the size of the room didn't really matter to him. It 
had been four days since the battle at his house. He had still been unconscious 
from his wound, but according to Sasami the group had packed up and left a half 
an hour after the fight. They had left a note for Noboyuki, and Washu had 
programmed some of her drones to clean up and fix anything that had been broken. 

	The young man sighed and continued to look out at space. Despite his 
earlier wishes, Ryoko had taken Mayuka along. Of course since the attempt to 
kidnap his daughter, Tenchi saw the necessity of taking the infant. He shifted 
in the chair and winced. Washu had healed his wound sufficiently, but his side 
was still very tender. Tenchi leaned his head back and started to wonder what 
was awaiting them on Jurai. 

	Going to Jurai made him nervous on many levels. Despite the unknown danger 
that assuredly was waiting on the planet, he was afraid of something else that 
was a little closer to home. He was about to land on a planet where he was a 
prince. And not just a prince, but one who had a legitimate claim to the throne! 
Tenchi just was not sure if he could handle that kind of pressure and 
responsibility. He was so deep in thought that the knock at the lounge door made 
him jump.

	Tenchi moved to look and paid for it with another jolt of pain in his 
side. "Sorry, didn't mean to make you jump," said Ryoko from the doorway.

	"Oh, hi, Ryoko," answered Tenchi as he settled back into the chair.

	She appeared in front of the couch next to him and sat down. The former 
space pirate was in her blue and gold dress with the tail. "Are you still mad at 
me for bringing Mayuka?" she asked him.

	He smiled and shook his head. "Of course not." She brightened at that. "I 
was never really mad at you. I'm just worried about her safety."

	"So was I," said Ryoko quickly.

	"Yeah, I know that, now." Tenchi sat there looking at her for a moment. "I 
don't think that I have ever really thanked you for helping with Mayuka," he 
said finally. "I mean, I know how much you hate doing regular chores, and she is 
an even bigger job than just cleaning the toilets." They both laughed at that.

	She folded her hands and looked down. "Thanks, Tenchi. That really means a 
lot to me." There was silence again for a couple of minutes. "Tenchi?"

	"Hmm?" 

	Ryoko looked at him with her golden eyes. "What were you thinking about 
before I came in?"

	"Jurai," he said simply. "About what we might find, and about my status 
there." He leaned on his left hand and looked back out the window. "I'm a prince 
according to Juraian law. I'm supposed to be royalty." He shook his head. "I 
don't feel like I'm anything like that. I'm just a college student who helps his 
grandfather at a shrine, and who works in a carrot field." He made a small 
chuckle.

	Ryoko just sat there looking at her folded hands. "You...," she started.

	"What?" He looked at her now.

	Ryoko raised her head and met his gaze. "You...have always been a prince 
to me," she said slowly. "Even if you really were one or not." She blushed 
slightly.

	Tenchi, however, had already gone through several deep shades of red. Now 
to go with his worries about Jurai, his old war of emotions picked up exactly 
where it had left off. Ryoko was very beautiful. Tenchi had always thought so, 
but he never told her so because he feared of what she might decide to do. But 
ever since Mayuka had come into their lives, she had mellowed a lot. Yes, she 
and Ayeka obviously still fought, and she threw herself at him on average ten 
times a day, but there was still something different about her. Tenchi was at a 
loss for words. Fortunately, Kiyone's voice over the intercom ended the awkward 
moment.

	"We have just passed the last Juraian check point," she said. "We are now 
one day away from Jurai, people. Let's be on guard."

	Tenchi sighed and looked back at Ryoko, but the cyan haired beauty was 
gone. "Why me?"

_____

	"Ziasha."

	The dark warrior opened his eyes and looked at the ethereal head floating 
in the center of the throne room. "Yes, D3? What is it?"

	"The Yagami is now one day from Jurai," reported the demi-god.

	Ziasha smiled. "Then we must prepare for their arrival. Place all the 
Juraians in the underground prisons we have constructed." 

	Soon. 

	Very soon.

_____

	Jurai looked nothing like Ayeka remembered. The once lush green planet was 
ash gray. The water was still blue from space, but the oceans just did not seem 
alive. "This cannot be Jurai," she whispered.

	Katsuhito placed a hand on her shoulder. She looked into his aged eyes. 
There was pain in them. It was the same pain she was feeling now. Her brother 
may have left Jurai never to return, but it was still his home. A home that he 
loved just as much as she did. "It will be all right, Ayeka," he assured her. 
"We will find out who has done this and put an end to it."

	She nodded, but his assurance did not help much. The princess straightened 
and looked at Kiyone. "Do you see anything on the sensors?"

	The teal haired GP shook her head. "No humanoid life signs." She looked 
over her view screens again. "I don't see anything else out here in space, 
either."

	"I don't like this," muttered Ryoko. "If someone conquered the Juraians, 
then where is the fleet? Where are all the soldiers?"

	"Wait!" interjected Kiyone. "I'm getting a signal. It seems to be coming 
from the capital." She looked up at all gathered in the Yagami's bridge. "We've 
been given permission to land right in front of the royal palace."

	"Then we go," ordered Ayeka in her most regal tone. "I want some answers, 
and I want the head of whoever is responsible for all of this."

	"You know it's trap," warned Washu. Ayeka's cold glare made even the red 
haired scientist flinch. "Just reminding you," she said with a weak grin.

	"Then let's get going," said Tenchi confidently. Everyone turned to look 
at the young Juraian prince. "We have to take stand. If it is a trap, then we'll 
deal with it." He smiled. "After all, with all of us working together there 
isn't a thing we can't handle."

	One by one the entire group smiled back at him. Even Ayeka found the 
ability to crack a smile. Tenchi was right. Together this motley little crew 
could accomplish the most amazing of things. They all watched quietly as the 
Yagami entered the upper atmosphere of the planet Jurai. When the red cruiser 
landed ten minutes later, the Masaki family left the bridge to prepare for 
whatever might be to come.


To be continued...

Notes- Well, looks like the shit is about to hit the fan. I'm just going to 
address a couple of small things that you readers may be wondering about. I know 
that at some points in this chapter Ryoko seemed a little less forceful than 
usual. Well, I assume after certain scenes in MNE that she would start to soften 
while taking care of baby Mayuka. At first I wasn't sure about her scene with 
Tenchi on the Yagami, but I figure that with the added softening from Mayuka's 
care plus the emotional understanding provided by Zero, that I could get away 
with that conversation. I think that I balanced it out with standard Ryoko 
actions during the battle. 

Well I hope that I am keeping with the correct Tenchi feeling. If there are any 
comments, please send them to Roas1@hotmail.com. I also hope that those who read 
this fic are enjoying it.

													
									 
 													
									 
													
							
