Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the property of
Pioneer and AIC. This story and the character C32411 however, is mine.  
Please don't sue me, because I'm just writing this for fun.

Special thanks go to my proofreader Literary Eagle, without you this fic 
newer would have happen ;)
And not to forget my Grammar corrector Kuuta Kutani thanks to you to.

Well its story time
Will of things Chapter 1 "Bang! You're dead!"
By Tom "TRON" Jensen (tron_dk@hotmail.com)

-----------

Chapter 1 "Bang! You're dead!"

Ryoko smiled to Tenchi as he came waking over to her and Sasami.
The trip to the city was a really good idea, and Ayeka had to stay home, 
because she wasn't feeling well.
She was just about to launch herself at him, when a loud SNAP! made her
look at Sasami.  She was holding her hands at her side, and Ryoko could
see blood running out between her fingers.  Ryoko was just able to catch the
small princess before she fell to the ground.
"Sasami!!"


***


Washu was pleased with herself.
'Damm, I'm good,' she thought. It was finally finished: Washu's black hole 
orb.
She had spent the last two weeks creating an orb which could contain a black
hole.
The house had been quiet since Mihoshi and Yousho had gone to Jurai, and
Tenchi's father was abroad on a business trip.  So things were blessed with
quiet.

'Hmm... Now where to put it... Hmm... Certainly out of reach of Mihoshi.'

A small shiver ran down Washu's back.  She could hear the familiar voice of
Mihoshi, saying, "Oops."

The door to her lab got kicked open with a loud bang, and her small crab on 
the
top of the door got totally pulverized.
Ryoko stormed in with Sasami, and she was all covered in blood.


***


C32411 jumped of the building and into a small alley beside it.  Normally,
anybody who tried to do such a thing would paint the asphalt with a bright 
red
color.  But C32411 wasn't anybody. His cyborg body enabled him to jump
and endure more damage than that of a normal living person.
And it made him a lot stronger.

But instead of landing quietly and elegantly like he used to, he landed like 
a
ton of bricks.  He disassembled his plasma rifle and put the pieces into the
special pockets of his coat. With that done, he ran down the small alley.

The pain in his head was getting worse, and the CCI didn't help the problem
with its constant
<CCI> memory error....
<CCI> memory error....
<CCI> memory error....
<CCI> memory error....
'CCI down,' he thought, and the voice went away.

He felt bare without the CCI. His only inputs were smell, sight, and sound.
It felt wrong without the IR, UV, and other sensor inputs he had disabled
The end of the alley was coming up fast. It ended out in a larger street.
He slowed down, so as not to catch anyone's attention.

"Brother?" said a voice behind him.

He swung around with his blaster in his right hand, and his plasma sword in
his left.

Nothing.
There was nothing there.
C32411 could feel a shiver running down his back.

"Brother?"

The voice came right beside him. He responded with a slash from his plasma
sword. It passed right through a small girl who was standing beside him.

"Don't you like me anymore?" the small girl asked.

C32411 didn't know what to say. Instead, he aimed the blaster at her and
pressed the trigger.
The shot went right through her, and made a big hole in the wall behind her.

"I miss you," the small girl said.

C32411 was scared... Why wasn't she dead??


***


Tenchi ran as fast as he could, tears running down his face.
"I'm going to get you," he snarled.  When he saw Sasami shot, it was as
if something clicked in him.  He could see the assassin, on a roof down the
street.  Tenchi noticed by the blond hair that he wasn't Japanese.
The weapon the assassin had used left a small smoke trail through the air
leading
straight back to him.

"Ryoko, take her home!" he shouted, and started to run down the street to 
get
the assassin.

"Gonna get you," Tenchi snarled...

Tenchi rounded a corner into a small alley.
At the other end the assassin stood with a gun and a blue sword of some
kind, and was staring into a big hole in the wall.
Without any doubt in his mind, he got out his own lightsword and charged 
down
the
alley.



C32411 couldn't think...

"Ghost," he stuttered, looking at the small girl in front of him.
"Mummy will very mad at you if you don't come home now," the small girl 
said.
Another burst of pain rolled through his head.

The only thing that saved C32411 from getting his body spilt into two pieces
was his many years in the "process business." He just managed to get his
power sword up to block the attack from the black haired male.

C32411 was on the retreat. Normally, he would parry with his sword and shoot
with his blaster, but the pain in his head stopped him from using anything
else aside from the sword.

"Gonna get you," the black haired male said.



Tenchi hacked with his sword at the assassin, who parried everything that he
threw at him.

"Gonna get you!" he snarled.

C32411 was very pressed. He moved out on the main street where people
began to scream and run away.

C32411 didn't know what was happening. He had never felt that kind of pain,
nor had he ever messed up this bad before. The link was going to be very mad
at him, he knew.

He blocked another slash from the male.  Then the pain began to fade away.



Tenchi knew that he was in trouble. The assassin was getting better
and better, and instead of being on the defensive, he began to go on the
offensive more.

But he had shot Sasami, and he was going to pay for that.
He let loose a rain of slashes over the assassin.


***


Ryoko looked at Sasami. She was drifting in a water chamber, and the water
was getting red with blood.

"Do something!" she shouted at Washu.
"I AM doing something," replied Washu, typing at her holographic keyboard.

A bright flash came from the chamber.  Ryoko looked at Sasami.
The terrible wound had stopped its bleeding.

"She'll be all right.  The shot damaged a lot of her internal organs, but I
can fix those," said Washu, "By the way... Where is Tenchi?"

"Tenchi! I forgot about him!" said Ryoko hurriedly as she teleported away.

"Maybe I get some work down in peace, now," thought Washu.
She started typing on her keyboard again, when the door to her lab burst
open for the second time that day.  Aeka came storming in with Ryo-ohki
right behind her.

"Sasami!" Aeka shouted. She stopped and looked at the pile of bloody cloth
that was laying beside the water chamber.
It was all too much for Aeka, and she fainted.

"Great," said Washu, "Another patient."


***


Back at the main street, Tenchi was beginning to tire.
That damned assassin didn't want to just lay down and die.

C32411 smiled. 'Time to finish this.'

CCI on, status

<CCI> online....  status check....
...
<CCI> all systems online.

The black haired male in front of him recieved a pair of green brackets when
the CCI target system came back online.

With a grim smile on his face, he started to look for a weakness in Target
3's defense.



Ryoko materialized five hundred meters over the place where Sasami had been
shot.
'Now where is Tenchi at?'
He was nowhere to be seen.



C32411 knew that it was time to finish this. The local police had to be
coming any time now, and even if this world was clearly at a primitive 
stage,
the weapons they had could certainly hurt him.

He noticed at car turning the corner at the far end of the street.
It was speeding his way.  He marked it as Target 4 while he blocked a
combination of attacks from Target 3.

CCI identify target 4
<CCI> Local police.

Auto aim Target 4: Blaster
<CCI> Target 4 locked.

He pressed the Max Charge button on his blaster. He knew that the blaster 
only
had 2 shots of power left in it, but that didn't matter.  He only needed
something to keep the police occupied.

Tenchi knew that that he was in trouble when the assassin lifted his gun.
But instead of pointing the gun at him, he pointed it down the street.
And he never led his eyes away from him.

The assassin pressed the trigger while blocking Tenchi's sword.


***


Washu looked at her screen.

Nothing.
Where were Tenchi and Ryoko at?

Her small surveillance camera drone hovered one kilometer over the city.
She could see where Sasami had been shot, the crowd standing there, and all 
of
the police.

But no Tenchi.

'Watch yourself, Tenchi," she thought to herself.


***


Ryoko felt the pressure of the explosion before she saw the mushroom shaped
fireball.

An ice-cold knife struck her heart.
"Tenchi!" she cried, and raced with all speed in that direction.



Tenchi knew that he was going to die.

The police car, the street, the people and every other thing around
the car was a blazing inferno.
He could hear the cries of the dying.

The assassin turned the gun at him, smiled, and said with an evil grin on
his face, "Bang. You're dead."

Tenchi could hear the sound of the gun recharging. It sounded like the blitz
of his father's camera.
The sound stopped.

the assassin smiled as he began to press the trigger.



Tenchi was thrown down the small alley by an explosion.
When he finally got his bearings and looked down the alley at the assassin,
he could see the assassin. He was being hard pressed by Ryoko.

The assassin didn't look good. Blood ran down his face.
His clothing was ripped into pieces, and his right eye was gone.
'Why wasn't he dead?' Tenchi thought while he tried to get up.
A burning pain in his right leg told him that he wasn't going anywhere.



Things were not good for C32411.
Not good at all.
He was loosing blood, his right eye was gone, and his blaster was a melted
piece of metal.  The CCI had given him some painkillers, and those were
beginning to take effect.

It was Target 2, from before, who had shot his blaster, triggering a
chain reaction in it.

Her face made a angry look at him and said something. Not that it mattered.
His hearing was gone, too.

Dual sword calc.
<CCI> Dual sword calc on

C32411 turned on his other plasma sword.



'Why isn't he dead?' thought Ryoko.
She had killed bigger and more heavily armored creatures with the same
amount of power.

The assassin thrust at her, but she blocked easily.

"You don't touch my Tenchi!" she snarled at him.
Ryoko was very pleased that she had disarmed the assassin before he had the
chance to kill her beloved Tenchi.
It wasn't her intent to cause the explosion,that almost blew Tenchi into
pieces, but what the hell, it worked.

'This is going to be easy', she thought, and started to slash with wild fury
at the assassin.

She changed her mind when the assassin drew the other plasma sword.


***


Washu could see the combat from her drone hovering above them.
Like Ryoko and Tenchi, she was puzzled about why this humanoid wasn't dead
because of the blast Ryoko had given his weapon.

She started to run a scan of him.
'Interesting,' she thought, when the data started to come in on her screen.


***


'This isn't going well,' Ryoko thought.  He was starting to gain the upper 
hand.

Nothing worked.  When she teleported behind him, he was ready for her
every time.
And he pressed on.

This was not good.

Suddenly, Ryoko ran out of time. She misread the assassin's moves,
and got punished with a plasma sword through her right leg.

The pain was too much. Ryoko felt the darkness starting to enclose her.

She saw the fist come for her face, and it all turned dark.



C32411 looked at the unconscious Target 2.

He had hit her with all of his strength. Normally that would take down a
Juraian Suflon, but she wasn't dead.  She wasn't even that damaged.

'Time to get out of here,' he said to himself.

He needed transportation.
He noticed a two wheeled metal thing standing 40 meters down the street.
He targeted it.
His onboard computer told him that was what the Earthlings called a
"motorcycle."  He began to limping towards the "motorcycle"



Tenchi used the wall for support while he dragged himself over to Ryoko.
She was lying face down.
When he finally got to her he checked for a pulse.

"Ryoko, wake up!" he said as he shook her, "He's getting away!"



C32411 had started the "motorcycle" and loaded the appropriate program that
allowed him to drive the thing.
He put it in gear and started to accelerate.

He was a mile down the road racing through what seemed to be the main part
of the city.  It was filled with tall glass-covered buildings.

C32411 was cut short when an energy blast from Ryoko tore up the road
in front of him, sending him flying.
He crashed through a glass window into a florist's shop.

Lying there in a pile of glass and flowers, C32411 looked up and saw
Target 2 descending towards him.

He got one of his cloak grenades, armed it, and threw it out onto the
street.  He found his emergency shield device and waited for Target 2.



Ryoko landed in the middle of the street and looked at the fallen assassin.
He was lying still.



C32411 counted the seconds to detonation.
Seven, six, five, four, three,

He turned on the shield device.

Two, one.

And then the world turned white.



The blast destroyed everything in a three hundred meter radius and blew out
every
glass window for three kilometers.

When the dust finally settled and the fire died out, the shield device
ran out of power.

C32411 managed to get back on his feet. He was in the crater left by
the explosion.

C32411 smiled with what was left of his face.

Then he noticed something lying in the center of the crater.
He didn't believe his own eyes.

It was that female.

Well, she was a hard little female, but now he was going to put a end to 
that
pirate once and for all.  He turned on his plasma sword and started to limp
over to Ryoko.



Ryoko opened her eyes, and noticed that she was still alive.
'Well, I'M one lucky demon.'
Then she noticed the assassin standing right beside her.



C32411 was raising his right sword to finish the female off, when the voice 
came
again.

"Don't you like me anymore?"

He looked up and saw the little girl again.

<CCI> memory error....
<CCI> memory error....
<CCI> memory error....

The pain came like a hammer, and the assassin hesitated.
He still managed to get his sword up to stop his head getting split in two
pieces by the cyan haired girl.

As the darkness moved in on him, he could hear the CCI.

<CCI> massive head dama...



Ryoko managed to get up. She took a look at the fallen assassin.
He apparently was still breathing.
But not for long.  She raised her sword to finish him off.

"Wait," a voice said.

Ryoko turned around, and saw a little drone floating the air.

"Don't kill him," the drone said with Washu's voice, "If you kill him we
will never know who sent him..."


