Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses

"Battle of Wills"


	Tokimi's Chariot appeared from a black portal and entered into orbit 
around Jurai. Impatient to be back on the planet, Ziasha took his charge under 
his right arm and teleported to the surface. The sight that greeted the dark 
warrior was a beautiful one. Situated in the center of the capital city was the 
massive Temple of Tokimi. Ziasha took to the air and flew to his Mistress's 
domicile. He neared the steps, and D3's ethereal head appeared. 

	"Her Majesty awaits you, Ziasha," stated the demi-god.

	Deciding to forgo the halls of the massive Temple, Ziasha teleported 
directly to the main chamber. He immediately noticed the large floating platform 
in the center of the chamber. On the left side was a large black slab with the 
Lady Washu bound to it. There was another black slab at the opposite end of the 
dais, and in between them floated the Child of Light and Darkness in a stasis 
crystal. Ziasha touched down on the platform and tossed the goddess child 
towards the empty slab. The girl was instantly bound to it just as Washu was to 
hers.

	The goddess child woke seconds later and looked around. Her pink eyes saw 
Washu, and she began to call out. "Washu!" As soon as the words left her mouth 
colored lightning shot out from her body and connected with the stasis crystal. 

	"Sasami!" screamed Washu as more colored lightning emerged from her own 
body to the crystal. 

	"It begins," came Tokimi's voice from all around. "Go now and guard my 
Temple, Ziasha. My sisters' followers will soon arrive to try and rescue them."

	Ziasha bowed deeply. "As you command, Lady Tokimi."

_____ 

	Tokimi watched from her realm as Ziasha teleported from the chamber to 
await the coming battle. The goddess smiled. Things were going exactly as 
planned. Tsunami's boy was coming, and everything would fall into place. Soon 
she would exist in the other dimension in her true form with all her powers in 
full. And that boy would help her to achieve complete domination over the entire 
universe. Yes, her Ziasha was much stronger than the boy, but he lacked what was 
necessary to bring her plans to the next stage. Tsunami's boy, however, 
possessed the potential and spirit to sire the next generation of immortals. 

	Nothing was going to stop her, now. Not Washu. Not Tsunami. Not anyone.

_____ 

	The group gathered in the war room on the Royal Pride was a determined and 
serious one. Tenchi and Ryoko were still in their Light Hawk Armor. Ayeka had 
discarded her uniform for her old Juraian battle suit. Kiyone and Mihoshi were 
wearing white and gray Juraian battle armor and packing an assortment of 
weapons. Ayeka's Royal Guard were fully armored and armed. 

	"What is the status of the fleet?" asked Ayeka.

	"The combined fleets are at full strength and battle ready, Princess," 
confirmed Admiral Judroa. 

	"Do we know exactly what we are going to find at Jurai?" asked Tenchi.

	Tristu cleared his throat. "I can probably shed some light on that." The 
old man leaned on his staff and gazed about the room. "Now that it has happened, 
the restraints placed on Lady Washu by the Will have been removed. Therefore, I 
am allowed to tell you how Tokimi plans to enter our dimension. Twenty thousand 
years ago, Tokimi realized that by sacrificing the souls of her sisters she 
could enter this realm in her true form. There was one catch, though. Tokimi 
needed a door, so to speak, in order to enter." He looked at Tenchi. "I am sorry 
to say that your daughter is that door. Her duel nature of light and darkness 
allows Tokimi to create a dimensional rift which she can walk right through into 
this dimension."

	"And what happens to Sasami, Washu, and Mayuka?" interrupted Ryoko. She 
pushed past everyone and grabbed Tristu by the front of his robe.

	The old man gently removed her hands from the robe and sighed. "If Tokimi 
enters into this realm, they will all die."

	Ayeka could see Ryoko grinding her teeth. "So what is happening on Jurai 
right now, Lord Tristu?" 

	He looked away from Ryoko to her. "Tokimi has most likely brought her 
Temple to the planet itself. Jurai is the center of Tsunami's power, so she 
believes that is the best place to enter. By now Ziasha has delivered your 
sister, and the process has begun. We have an hour at best before the doorway is 
completely open."

	"Sasami," whispered Ayeka. She took in a deep breath to steady her nerves. 
"I'm open to suggestions on what to do next."
	"We know Ziasha has a fleet waiting for us at Jurai," surmised Judroa. "We 
also know that his ships are deformed tree ships combined with demons. These 
ships have the ability to use their Light Hawk Wings as weapons instead of 
shields like our ships."

	"Do not worry, Admiral," said Tristu. "Our ships run on gem energy similar 
to Light Hawk Power. Your ships can provide the defense while we turn the enemy 
to space dust."

	"There is still that Souja class battleship to deal with," added Shoytal. 
"What are we going to do about that?"

	Yosho cleared his throat to get everyone's attention. "History has shown 
that in order to kill the serpent it is sometimes necessary to be swallowed 
first."

	Judroa smiled at his old student. "Strike team." Yosho nodded. "Okay then, 
who goes?"

	"I will lead the team," announced Ayeka before anyone else could speak. 
She shot the entire group a cold stare before the protests could begin. "I was 
on the last Souja, therefore, I am necessary for the attack to be successful."

	"If the Princess goes, then we go," stated Shoytal. The other four knights 
nodded along with their leader.

	"I've always wondered what that monstrosity looked like on the inside," 
said Ukarit. He motioned to Somar and the Twins. "Count us in."

	"Since the Yagami is outclassed in the space fight, we've got nothing 
better to do," added Kiyone. "Mihoshi and I will tag along, too. After all, the 
Galaxy Police have to be represented in this battle."

	Ayeka accepted all the volunteers. She turned to Tenchi. "What about you, 
Lord Tenchi?"

	"Ziasha will not be on the ship," he said flatly. "I'd bet money that he's 
guarding the Temple on the surface." He looked over at Ryoko. She gave him a 
nod. "Ryoko and I will go down to the surface of Jurai to try and stop the 
dimensional rift from opening." 

	Ayeka felt strangely relieved as Tenchi gave them all a reassuring smile. 
"After all, we're the only ones who can stand toe to toe with Ziasha anyway. You 
all make sure the demon ships are destroyed. We'll take care of the rest."

	"Then it is settled," declared Ayeka. "Lord Tenchi and Miss Ryoko will 
land on Jurai to stop the rift from opening. Admiral Judroa, Commander Yosho, 
and Lord Tristu will lead the fleet against the enemy. Finally, I will lead the 
strike team into the Souja class battleship and destroy it from within."

	The group broke immediately and began to prepare to depart for Jurai. 
Ayeka was heading for the shuttle bay, when Tenchi stopped her. "What is it, 
Lord Tenchi?"

	He reached into his Armor and pulled out Tenchi-ken. "I want you to take 
this, Ayeka."

	Ayeka was shocked. "The Master Key? But why?"

	He gave her a half smile. "I won't need it on the planet. Since you're 
part of the Royal Family too, you can use Tenchi-ken without any problems. I 
think you should have it for now. It might come in handy."

	Ayeka gingerly took the sword from Tenchi's hand. "Thank you, Lord Tenchi. 
I'll do as you ask."

	He gave her a full smile, and they hugged briefly. "Good luck, Ayeka." He 
moved back and walked down the hall.

	"Good luck, Tenchi," she whispered. "Please bring the rest of our family 
back to us."

_____ 

	The Juraian Liberation Force fleet was now almost two thousand ships 
strong. Gem ships, tree ships, and cabbit battle ships hovered in the space 
above Vernial Prime making the last preparations before departure. One cabbit 
ship in particular was holding position in front of the rest of the fleet. Ryo-
ohki and her crew of two were waiting for the final word from Admiral Judroa.

	Tenchi was staring out the window, and Ryoko was sitting in the pilot's 
chair when a crystal began flashing. "Tenchi," she said to alert him.
	
	He turned around and nodded to her. Ryoko touched the crystal and a view 
screen with Judroa's face in it appeared. "The fleet is ready, Lord Tenchi. The 
floor is all yours."

	"Thank you, Admiral." The old Juraian nodded and the screen vanished. 

	Ryoko got up and walked over to Tenchi's side. He could feel that she was 
uneasy. "Don't worry," he told her. "Just follow my lead and picture Jurai in 
your mind. Then try creating a tunnel of sorts from here to there."

	"Okay, I'll try." Ryoko closed her eyes, and Tenchi felt her drawing in 
large amounts of Light Hawk Power.

	Tenchi was also harnessing the power of his Wings to create a portal to 
Jurai. Together, the two of them formed one redish blue portal of immense 
proportions in front of the fleet. They both opened their eyes to view their 
handy work.

	Ryoko whistled. "Wow, I'm getting pretty good at this stuff."

	"You're talking like you did that all by yourself," accused Tenchi with a 
playful smile. 

	Ryoko gave him an innocent look. "But I did. I put a lot of power into 
that." Ryoko raised her right hand and put her thumb and index finger together. 
"I felt you only put tiny bit in." Tenchi laughed and took her in his arms. 

	Tenchi leaned his head close, and the two of them shared a long kiss. When 
they parted, he brushed her cyan bangs aside with one hand. "Ready to go and 
kick some ass?"

	She smiled at him lovingly. "Always." She disengaged herself from his arms 
and dropped into the pilot's seat. An adventurous smile spread across Ryoko's 
face. Tenchi could now feel her pre-battle excitement. "Okay, Ryo-ohki! Let's 
go!"

	"MMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!"

	The black cabbit ship joined the rest of the fleet as it entered the 
portal to Jurai. There was a colored flash, and Tenchi saw the dying planet of 
Jurai through the window. Space became a raging inferno instantly. The Souja 
battleship and a countless number of demon tree ships opened fire as soon as the 
first ships came out of the portal. The Juraian fleet responded in kind and 
returned fire. 

	Ryoko skillfully steered Ryo-ohki through the already chaotic space 
battle. It only took her a few seconds to break past the enemy line and descend 
into the atmosphere of Jurai. Ryo-ohki passed through the gray clouds covering 
the planet and skimmed over the tops of dying trees. The capital city soon came 
into view, and Tenchi realized he was holding his breath. Tokimi's Temple could 
be seen from several dozen miles away. 

	"Let's land at the edge of the city," suggested Tenchi.

	"Got ya," acknowledged Ryoko. Ryo-ohki touched down moments later. 

	Ryoko teleported them outside, and Ryo-ohki transformed into her cabbit 
form. The space pirate picked up her ship with both hands. "Now you stay here, 
Ryo-ohki. I don't want you going back up there or following us inside the 
Temple. I want you ready incase me and Tenchi need to get out of here in a 
hurry. Understand?"

	The cabbit gave her a forlorn look, but nodded all the same. "Meow."

	Ryoko gave her a hug. "That's my girl." She placed the cabbit back on the 
ground and turned to Tenchi. "Ready when you are, lover."

	The two Light Hawk Bearers took to the air and flew deep into the city. 
The streets were empty. The whole city seemed devoid of life. Tenchi and Ryoko 
halted in mid air and landed just a half a mile from the massive temple. Ryoko 
whistled. Tenchi was too awe struck to do or say anything. Multi-colored 
lightning flashed in the sky. Bolts began to rain down and strike the ground. 
Even Ryoko jumped as a pair of tornadoes touched down and began to lay waste to 
the city. 

	Ryoko quickly regained her composure with a deep breath. "Well, we can't 
just stand here. Let's get going." 

	Tenchi watched as she lifted off into the air again. Ryoko was only a few 
feet into the air when Tenchi spoke up. "Ryoko, wait."

	She stopped and looked back at him. "What?" The pirate landed and walked 
back to Tenchi.

	Tsunami's Knight cleared his throat and tried to organize the thoughts 
running through his mind. He had been wanting to talk to Ryoko about this ever 
since Startica, but there had not been enough time before the battle to bring it 
up. But now with the odds they were going up against, he might never get another 
chance. "Ryoko, there's something I need to talk to you about."

	She gave him a confused look. "Can't it wait till later? I mean, we're 
kinda in the middle of something here."

	Tenchi shook his head. "No, I may not get another chance." The prince 
mustered up his courage and took her left hand in his. "Ever since our talk a 
few hours ago during Startica, I've been thinking about something. The words you 
used during our conversation made me think about us, about the future."

	Ryoko was very confused. "Tenchi? What the hell are you getting at?"

	Tenchi tried to maintain his courage. He thought Ryoko would have caught 
on by now. "Ryoko, I love you more than I ever thought possible. After last 
night, I realized that I don't ever want to be without you in my life again. 
So..." A small blue light formed between the thumb and index finger of his right 
hand. 

	The blue light slowly formed into a simple gold ring. Tenchi carefully 
slid it onto her ring finger. "Ryoko, will you marry me?"

	She was in complete shock. The pirate lifted her hand out of Tenchi's to 
stare at the ring. "I...I never expected...that...I mean I never...even thought 
you'd want..." Ryoko lifted her eyes to meet his. With blinding speed she 
glomped onto him and started kissing him all over the face. "Yes! Yes! A million 
times yes!"

	Eventually Ryoko's lips found Tenchi's, and she gave him the longest, 
deepest kiss in their relationship to date. When Ryoko finally pulled away, 
Tenchi found himself very out of breath. After a couple of intakes he was able 
to speak again. "We're gonna have to wait a little while, though. Just until I 
graduate from college."

	Ryoko took his face between her hands and started to shake it. "Oh, trying 
to get out of it already, huh?" Tenchi was about to launch into an apology, but 
Ryoko placed her hand over his mouth. "I'm just kidding." She stepped back and 
grabbed his hand. "Now let's go. I've been hoping twenty years for you to do 
something like this, and I'll be damned if a mad man and his goddess are going 
to destroy my life just when it's getting good." 

	Tenchi gripped her hand back and nodded with a smile. "Let's make sure our 
family has a future, together." Hand in hand they ran towards Tokimi's Temple to 
face the dark goddess and her minions.

_____ 

	Ayeka's world shook violently as her shuttle was raked by a volley of 
enemy fire. "That was too close!" shouted Gerin. "Can't you keep us out of the 
fire, Shoytal!"

	Kiyone smacked the red headed knight in the head. "Can't you shut up for 
even five seconds?"

	The shuttle banked left then right to avoid another volley from the enemy 
line. Ayeka stumbled to the cockpit and stuck her head in. Shoytal was in the 
pilot's seat with Ukarit in the copilot's. "What's our ETA?" she asked.

	"We've got four cabbit ships as escort," reported Shoytal. "According to 
your report their weapons should be able to punch a hole in that monster's 
shields." He gestured to the huge battleship ahead. 

	Four of the black crystal cabbit ships took up positions in front of the 
shuttle. The Souja class ship grew even larger as they neared. "Man that thing 
is huge," said Ukarit. 

	The cabbit ships opened fire on the battleship. Their first barrage 
bounced off its shields, but a second volley succeeded in punching out a hole. 
"Bingo!" cheered Ukarit when the shuttle's sensors started flashing. "Go for it, 
Cap'n!" he told Shoytal.

	Shoytal did not need to be told twice. The shuttle's secondary thrusters 
fired, and the small ship passed through the hole in the shields and right 
towards the battleship's hull. "Brace for impact!" he shouted.

	The shuttle hit the outer hull at full speed and cut right into it. Ayeka 
pushed herself up and looked to the rear of the ship. The exit hatch was still 
on the outside of the hull, while the cockpit was inside. She turned back and 
raised her right hand. "Captain, Sir Ukarit, go to the rear of the ship," she 
ordered.
	Jurai Power was already gathering in her outstretched hand. The two men 
looked at each other once and scrambled to get out of the way. Her path was 
clear, and Ayeka released a blast of Jurai Power that vaporized the front of the 
shuttle. Ayeka raised her force field and departed the shuttle. The rest of the 
strike team followed her. She turned to face the team.

	"All right, we will now divide into our three prearranged teams," she told 
all gathered. "Blue Team will consist of myself, Captain Shoytal, Gerin, and Mr. 
Somar. Green Team consists of Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi, Mastir, and Nunar. 
Red Team will be made up of Sir Ukarit, Verka, and the Twins. Now you all know 
your assignments?"

	"We are to shut down the main power core," replied Shoytal.

	"We blow the engines," said Kiyone.

	"And we get to cause mass destruction so the rest of you are ignored," 
added Ukarit.

	Ayeka gave them each an affirmative nod. "Good. As soon as Blue and Green 
Teams accomplish their tasks all strike team members are to return here 
immediately."

	"Uh, just one question," interjected Kiyone. "How are we going to get out 
of here?"

	"Easy," answered Ukarit with a green toothed smile. "Somar, show them our 
ride home." 

	The pale skinned man reached into his pack and pulled out a near mirror 
image of Ryo-ohki. The tiny cabbit smiled. "Miya!"

	"That works," said the teal haired GP with a shrug. She clicked off the 
safety on her plasma rifle. The weapon emitted a high pitch bing, and Kiyone 
smiled with satisfaction.

	"Fine. Good luck to all." Ayeka levitated herself off the floor using her 
force field and led her team down a hall. 

_____ 

	 Tenchi and Ryoko stopped at the steps of Tokimi's Temple. Ryoko formed a 
Light Hawk Sword in each hand. "Here we go."

	Tenchi formed his own Light Hawk Sword, but stopped Ryoko from charging 
ahead. "Hold on." He stared up the steps. "Something's here."

	"How right you are, Tsunami's Knight," thundered a deep male voice. A 
huge, bearded ethereal head suddenly appeared in front of Tenchi and Ryoko. "My 
name is D3, and I am a servant of her Majesty. You shall proceed no further."

	"I'm gonna warn you just once, pal!" shouted Ryoko. "Move or be moved! 
Personally, I hope you choose the second option!"

	D3's response was two blue energy blasts from his eyes. Tenchi and Ryoko 
jumped away in opposite directions. Ryoko stopped herself in mid air and 
transformed her swords to red energy ribbons. "Eat this, asshole!" The pirate 
launched both the ribbons at D3. The being did not even flinch as they passed 
right through him. "Crap," cursed Ryoko.

	Tenchi darted up the stairs and swung his Sword right through what should 
have been D3's right cheek. The prince growled in frustration, as his own attack 
was ineffective. 

	"Pathetic," taunted the demi-god. "Even with the power of the Light Hawk 
Wings, you can do nothing to harm me." A series of blue eye blasts shot at 
Tenchi.

	Tsunami's Knight took to the air to avoid being hit. Ryoko roared in anger 
and launched a barrage of red energy balls at D3 and received the same result as 
before. "Dammit!" she shouted over the link. "How can we fight this guy if we 
can't even touch him?"

	Tenchi dodged another set of blasts. He landed twenty feet in front of D3 
and jumped high into the air to avoid yet another blast. That was when he 
noticed the red, oval jewel on the being's head. It looked solid. "I've got a 
plan," he told Ryoko over the link. "Loose another barrage of energy balls. I'm 
going for that jewel on his forehead."

	"I hear ya," she replied. Ryoko immediately launched a dozen red balls at 
D3. 

	The demi-god countered by firing several eye blasts at the pirate. Tenchi 
seized his chance and flew right at D3. The demi-god noticed him too late. 
Tenchi's white bladed Light Hawk Sword sliced cleanly through the red jewel. 
There was a red flash as Ryoko followed up with a slash of her own that crossed 
Tenchi's.

	"NNNNNNOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!" screamed D3. White light started to surround the 
demi-god. "WHY, MY LADY!? WWWWWWHHHHHHHYYYYYYY!?" There was a brilliant 
explosion of light, and D3 was gone.

	Tenchi and Ryoko landed at the top of the stairs and sparred one glance 
back at the spot D3 had been floating over. Ryoko smiled with grim satisfaction.  
Their first obstacle had been passed. The pair kicked down the large golden 
front doors and entered the Temple.

_____ 

	Ziasha floated in the Temple's main chamber. He barely moved when the 
battle at the Temple's entrance ended. "Too bad," he muttered. "D3 was loyal if 
not anything else. Weak, but loyal." The dark warrior dismissed the loss of the 
demi-god without a second thought.

	A communicator on his belt beeped once. Ziasha groaned and lifted it to 
his mouth. "What?"

	"This is Ortav, my lord," came the small scientist's voice over the 
receiver. "I thought you would like to know that there are intruders on the 
Chariot."

	Ziasha raised one eyebrow. "Interesting. It must be the Princess." He 
smiled when he realized her plan. "She's going for the main power core of the 
ship. Send Sezen to try and stop them. I'll also be sending Garthinial to make 
sure the job is completed successfully. You remain in your lab and watch over 
the demon ships." He clicked off the communicator and tossed it away. 
"Garthinial!" he called out.

	There was a black flash, and the demon appeared before his master. "Yes, 
my lord?"

	"You are to go to the Chariot and kill the Princess Ayeka," commanded the 
dark warrior.
	
	The demon's one real eye went wide. "But you promised I could kill the 
Daughter of Washu!"

	Ziasha laughed at the monster. "Fool. The cyan haired bitch commands the 
power of the Light Hawk Wings. She could dispose of you with a wave of her 
hand." His red eyes thinned. "Now go," he rumbled.

	Garthinial bowed his horned head. "As you command, master." There was 
another black flash, and the demon was gone.

	"Good move, Princess," whispered Ziasha. "Very good move."

_____ 

	Blaster fire rained all around Ayeka as she zoomed down the metallic halls 
of Tokimi's Chariot. The princess huffed at the name of the ship. Somar had 
found it while they were hacking into the ship's computer for a map. Energy 
bolts bounced off of her force field. Ayeka came to a sudden stop and released a 
massive blast of Jurai Power down the hall. Human cries of pain and terror 
echoed in her ears. She felt no remorse, though. Those men had sided with the 
enemy of their own free will. There would be no quarter given to the enemies of 
Jurai.

	The rest of her team caught up to the determined princess. Ayeka looked 
down the hall to see an intersection up ahead. "Which way, Mr. Somar?"

	"Left," he said quickly. 

	Ayeka immediately floated forward without waiting. She turned to go left 
and was met by another volley of blaster fire. Once again the blasts bounced off 
the force field, and Ayeka answered with a huge blast of Jurai Power. "Geez, 
she's not leaving anything for the rest of us," complained Gerin to Shoytal.

	Shoytal grabbed the other knight by the collar and followed after Ayeka. 
"You really have to learn to shut up, Gerin," he warned. The Blue Team continued 
without pause down the passageway in search of the Chariot's power core.

_____ 

	"Are you sure about this?" asked Mastir. He peeked around the edge of the 
wall and fired a blast from his sword. A series of blaster shots answered him.

	"Trust me," replied Kiyone. She leaned over him and fired several bursts 
from her plasma rifle. "If there is one thing I know, it's Mihoshi's luck."

	Mastir looked over at the blond GP several feet down the hall. She was 
sitting crossed legged on the floor with her pink control cube in her lap. Nunar 
was standing behind her watching the way they had come. "What do you think, 
Nun?"

	"There are more coming at us from behind," said the small knight. "I'll 
take care of them." Without a word he ran off back the way they had come.

	Kiyone moved back from firing down the hall. "Where's he going?"

	"Rear guard," answered Mastir. 

	"I got it!" cheered Mihoshi suddenly. "If we make five lefts, three 
rights, and go down we'll be at the engines!"

	Mastir raised both his eyebrows at Kiyone this time. "Uh, Detective 
Makibi?"

	Kiyone wiped a hand across her face and sighed. "I know, I know." She 
ejected the empty power clip from her rifle and replaced it. "Mihoshi, take the 
point and lead the way."

	The cube vanished, and Mihoshi jumped to her feet. She grabbed her rifle 
and powered it up. Her usual air head look was replaced by a determined glare. 
Kiyone and Mastir laid down cover fire as Mihoshi charged down another passage. 
The GP and the knight both grimaced when they realized Mihoshi had run right 
instead of left. They increased their rate of fire and followed after the blond 
ditz.

	"What about Nunar?" called Kiyone over her shoulder.
	
	Mastir pushed her down the hall. "Don't worry. Nunar always catches up in 
the end." He released a blast of power, and they ran after Mihoshi before she 
could get too far ahead.

_____ 

	"Bombs..."

	"...set, boss," confirmed the Twins as they ran back from the what had 
been determined was one of the ship's central sensor arrays.

	"Good job, boys," said Ukarit. He pushed the trigger button and the rooms 
at the other end of the hall went up in flames. "Where to next?"

	Verka looked at his scanner and frowned. "There seems to be another sensor 
array two levels up, but I just picked up an interesting reading on the 
scanner."

	Ukarit pocketed the trigger. "What kind of..." his sentence was cut off by 
a series of blaster bolts from down the hall. The four men ran around the walls 
to avoid being hit when a dozen armored troops came charging down the hall.

	Ukarit pulled out two hand blasters and returned fire. "What was the 
reading, big fella?" 

	Verka fired power blasts from his gauntlets at the oncoming troops. "I 
thought it was strange because it was very similar to the communication 
frequencies we use on space tree ships! It's coming from ten levels up!"

	The gangster nailed three of the soldiers. "I think that's worth looking 
into." He smiled at the rest of Red Team. "Don't you?"

	"We go..."

	"...where you go..."

	"..., boss."

	Verka gave him a similar smile. "I've always been a fan of exploring." He 
fired another blast from his right gauntlet and caught a soldier in the chest. 
"Especially when there is something to keep me busy and interested."

	Ukarit picked off two more enemies while laughing. "I like the way you 
think, pal." He looked around and spotted a stairwell not too far away. "Let's 
go!" he shouted with a gesture towards the stairs.

_____ 

	Admiral Judroa stood at the weapons' console helping his tactical officer 
to reroute power back to the forward cannons. The console registered the cannons 
at full power. Judroa ran the firing solutions through himself, and the Royal 
Pride's forward weapons unloaded into the side of a demon ship. The bridge 
cheered, but the Admiral told them to quiet down.

	"Bring us about, and get the Pride back behind the defensive line!" he 
shouted to the helmsman. 

	"Aye, sir!"

	The Admiral moved back to his command chair. The battle was not going 
well. Both fleets were equally matched in numbers, but the enemy seemed to be 
functioning as a tighter unit. Their flagship had not moved in since the 
princess's team had infiltrated it, but the all the demon ships were attacking 
as one. 

	A screen suddenly popped up in front of Judroa with Tristu's face in it. 
"They are trying to separate our gem ships from your tree ships, Admiral. 
Without your Light Hawk Wings, I don't think we can stand up to their weapons 
for too long."

	The Admiral looked at his tactical display before answering. "I've got an 
idea," said Judroa. "It worked once, so it might work again." He touched a panel 
on his chair, and Yosho appeared in another screen.

	"Yes, Admiral?" asked the former Juraian prince.

	"Commander, proceed with Light Hawk Blitz maneuver and form up around Lord 
Tristu's ships. Then collect as many cabbit ships as possible and have them take 
up positions close to your hulls. Do your best to spear head your way into the 
enemy line." Judroa looked to Tristu. "Lord Tristu, you are then to open fire. 
You are to try and do as much damage as possible, but your real aim is to 
confuse the enemy sensors. Once that has been accomplished, I want those 
cabbit's released right into those bastards."

	Yosho saluted. "Aye, sir!"

	Tristu grinned. "All right, Admiral. Let's stick it to 'em."

	Judroa dismissed both screens and dropped into his chair with a tired 
grunt. "Tsunami, I hope this works."

_____  

	"Look out!" shouted Kiyone. She spun around and fired several bursts from 
her plasma rifle.

	Howls of pain erupted from the pack of demon hounds bearing down on them 
from behind. Mastir ignited the silver blades of his swords and cut down two 
hounds as the pack descended upon members of the Green Team. Despite her 
determined will, Mihoshi still screamed in terror and fired blindly at the 
enemy. Kiyone was about to yell at her partner, when she noticed dying yelps 
from the rear of the pack. The silent Nunar cleared a deadly path with his axe 
through the attacking hounds. With the arrival of the small knight, the demons 
were defeated in moments. 

	"Glad to see you, Nun," commented Mastir. The other knight said nothing, 
but nodded ever so slightly.

	Kiyone lowered her rifle and turned to Mihoshi. "Mihoshi, do you..." The 
teal haired GP accidentally startled her partner.

	"Aaaahhhhh!" screeched Mihoshi. She fired her gun right into the floor. 
The floor creaked once and buckled. 

	Kiyone had time for one curse. "Shit." The floor gave way completely 
sending the entire team on a one way trip down. 

	After a brief fall, they all hit the ground with a loud crash. Kiyone's 
ears were humming. No, it wasn't her ears that were humming. She opened her blue 
eyes to see massive hyperdrive and thruster engines running all along the wall. 
Kiyone pulled herself up and looked around to make sure she wasn't dreaming.

	"Well I'll be damned," cried Mastir. "We found it! Excellent job, 
Detective Kuramitsu!" There was no answer.

	The other three members of Green Team turned to see Mihoshi rolled up in a 
very uncomfortable position. "It hurts," she groaned. Kiyone helped her up, 
while the two knights began to place bombs all around the engines.

	Kiyone patted Mihoshi on the back and moved to help with the bombs. She 
stopped as a whizzing sound caught her attention. "Ooooooowwwwwww!" screamed the 
GP as a plasma dagger embedded itself in her right arm. She involuntarily 
dropped her rifle.

	There was a thudding noise, and Kiyone spun around to see a familiar 
figure not fifteen feet away. Her gold scaled friend from Clay's lab hissed at 
her. "Ah hell."

_____ 

	"Power core dead ahead," announced Somar as Blue Team turned another 
corner.

	"Good," was Ayeka's only response. As the four of them continued down the 
hall, it slowly opened up to a larger chamber.

	They exited the hall only to find themselves standing on a bridge in a 
gigantic circular chamber. The chamber had no ceiling or floor that could be 
seen. The bridge itself ran from the wall to what could only be the power core 
in the middle of the chamber. Control mechanisms and wires ran all around a 
large green cylinder extending upwards and down. 

	"The radiation confirms it," said Somar. "That's the main core."

	Ayeka was about to issue orders to blow up the core, when a sudden 
explosion sent everyone to the ground. Ayeka rolled onto her back to see the 
cyborg demon from the Startica attack hovering above them. Rage filled the 
princess's being, and she repeatedly fired blue bolts at the monster. The demon 
dodged all the blasts and dove right for her. Ayeka threw up her force field 
quickly. The demon crashed head long into her. The force field repelled the 
charge, but the force of the attack sent Ayeka skidding down the bridge towards 
the core. 

	The demon righted itself in the air and charged her again. Still dazed 
from the last attack, Ayeka couldn't focus her powers to return fire. She had 
barely gotten back to her feet, and a ball of purple fire slammed into her 
shield sending her right back down. The monster landed directly in front of the 
princess.

	"Because of you, I will not get my revenge on the Daughter of Washu," it 
growled. A purple beam saber snapped to life from its cybernectic left arm. "Let 
my vengeance fall on you!" It raised the saber to strike.

	Suddenly, Shoytal and Gerin came from behind and jumped onto the beast's 
back. Both knights grabbed the demon around the neck and pulled it away from 
Ayeka. The monster roared in anger and flexed its wings, knocking both knights 
from its back. It forgot about Ayeka and attacked the two Juraian knights. A 
talon surrounded by purple fire emerged from the demon's right arm as it 
attacked Shoytal. The knight captain ignited both ends of his sword and met the 
demon head on. 

	Shoytal parried the demon's attacks, but he was forced to retreat because 
of the monster's greater strength. He batted the beam saber to the left and side 
stepped the same way as Gerin charged in with his staff. The red headed knight 
drove the end of his staff right into the demon's right shoulder. The beast 
roared in pain. Its mettle chest opened and two purple beams slammed right into 
Gerin's chest. Gerin cried out as he flew back through the air. Shoytal 
disengaged the beam saber and dropped to his knees as it slashed at his head. 
The captain rolled forward past the demon and left a gash in its left leg. He 
rolled back to his feet only to be wrapped up by the demon's tail. The tail took 
a firm hold around his neck and lifted Shoytal into the air. 

	Shoytal tried to scream, but all that came out was a strangled gasp. Ayeka 
saw Somar draw his beam sword. "No, Somar!" she shouted. "Prep the bombs!" The 
pale man hesitantly lowered his weapons and began to get the bombs to blow the 
core.

	The demon lifted Shoytal higher into the air and slammed him into the 
ground. Ayeka struggled to focus her energies. A blue ball of power formed in 
her right hand. The princess took aim and threw the ball right at the demon. She 
paled with horror as the ball dissipated before it even hit the creature. The 
monster turned its head to Ayeka and gave her a hideous smile. "Surprised, 
Princess?" It raised itself up to its full height. "Your Jurai Power is useless 
against me." It gestured to the base of its neck, and a small piece of mettle 
slid aside to reveal a green gem. "This gem nullifies your attacks before they 
will ever have a chance to touch me." 

	The demon tossed Shoytal aside and stalked towards Ayeka. She fired 
another blast, but it disappeared as well. Ayeka began to back away from the 
approaching menace. "What is the matter, Princess?" rumbled the beast. "No 
comments to make? Won't you even beg for your life?"

	Ayeka fired another useless blast. The demon ignored it and lunged for 
her. It's right claw wrapped around her neck and lifted her to eye level. 
Ayeka's cry came out as a wheeze. The claw began to tighten, and the princess 
began to feel herself lose consciousness. Her hands dropped to her sides. That 
was when her right hand brushed the forgotten object tucked into her belt. With 
the last of her strength, Ayeka grabbed Tenchi-ken and rammed it into the 
demon's neck.
	
	The green gem shattered instantly, and waves of blue electricity coursed 
all over the demon's body. It bellowed in pain and dropped Ayeka to the ground. 
Tenchi-ken's contact with the monster broke as Ayeka landed. The demon staggered 
backwards. Ayeka's head snapped up as a battle cry filled the air. She flinched 
only slightly as Shoytal's blue blade protruded from the demon's neck. The 
cybernetic parts of the monster's body began to sputter with sparks. Acting on 
instinct Ayeka focused all her power through the sword in her hands. A long blue 
blade suddenly sprouted from Tenchi-ken. 

	Ayeka loosed a war cry and charged. Shoytal deactivated his sword and 
jumped off the demon's back just as the princess struck. Burning with power, 
Tenchi-ken sliced cleanly through the demon's neck. The creature was not even 
able to utter one last death cry as its head dropped to the floor. The massive 
body collapsed into a heap in front of Ayeka, and she kicked it once just to 
make sure it was dead. 

	"Mr. Somar," she called out without looking up. "Please begin setting up 
the bombs."

	"Yes, Ma'am," he replied and ran to the core holding a handful of bombs.

	Ayeka deactivated Tenchi-ken, but continued to hold the sword in her right 
hand. She lifted her eyes to see how her two knights were doing. Shoytal seemed 
to be fine, and Gerin was leaning over a railing breathing normally. 

	"Bombs set, Princess!" shouted Somar.

	"Good," she said in an emotionless tone. "Send out the evacuation signal 
to the other two teams. It's time to leave this abomination."

_____ 

	The gold scaled humanoid launched itself at Kiyone before she could shout 
a warning to the others. It leveled her with one kick. The teal haired GP hit 
the ground and rolled for several feet. When she stopped, Kiyone was lying on 
her stomach with a clear view of the creature as it grabbed Mihoshi from behind 
and tossed her into a wall. Mastir and Nunar spun around after Mihoshi screamed 
in terror. Both knights drew their weapons and charged the humanoid. A green 
ball flew from the attacker's left hand and struck Mastir encasing him in a 
green enery net. Mastir cursed loudly at his inability to move.

	The humanoid threw another green ball at Nunar, but he saw it coming and 
dodged easily. The small knight's green axe blade came to life as he silently 
charged his foe. The golden alien drew a beam sword and slashed at Nunar. He 
parried it ans kicked at the other's legs. The humanoid jumped, flipped over 
Nunar, and drove the hilt of his sword into the back of the knight's head. Nunar 
grunted and stumbled forward. The scaled alien landed and moved to stab Nunar in 
the back. Kiyone tried to get to her feet and managed to free her left hand out 
from under her body, but collapsed again before she could completely rise. 

	Kiyone tensed as she heard Mihoshi scream again. There was a loud crash, 
and the sounds of various items scattering all over the floor. Something hit 
Kiyone's left hand, and the GP instinctively grabbed it. Kiyone smiled as she 
felt the familiar grip of a GP blaster. With one last burst of strength, Kiyone 
pulled herself up and took aim. The gold scaled alien was in mid thrust towards 
Nunar's chest. Kiyone pulled the trigger sending a yellow bolt straight at her 
target. 

	The bolt struck the alien right in the back of the head. The creature 
jerked forward, spun half way into the air, and dropped to the ground a corpse. 
All her energy was spent, and Kiyone released a long breath while falling onto 
her back. She could hear everyone else talking, but all Kiyone could do was 
focus on the pain in her arm and chest. Someone was now moving over her. She 
yelped as the plasma knife was pulled from her right arm. 

	"Easy, Detective Makibi," said Mastir. "I've bandaged the wound on your 
arm, but you have sustained several broken ribs." He helped her get back on her 
feet. 

	"No wonder it hurts to breathe," she said with a chuckle. She looked down 
as the communicator on her belt began beeping. "Looks like it's time to go."

	"The bombs are set," reported Nunar as he walked over. Kiyone noticed him 
trying to hide the fact that his head hurt. 

	"Okay, everybody!" cried Mihoshi with a big smile. "I'll lead us out of 
here!" She turned and ran out of the engine room. The other three members of 
Green Team sighed and chased after the blond ditz before she could get too far 
ahead.

_____ 

	Ayeka's blue team rounded the last corner and found themselves back at 
their shuttle. Enemy blaster fire followed them there, however. Ayeka made her 
way over to the shuttle while the other three kept the enemy soldiers from 
advancing. She grabbed her communicator as it started to beep. "It's Ayeka, go 
ahead."

	"Greetings, Princess," came Ukarit's voice. "You won't believe what we 
just found."

	"Where are you, Ukarit?" she demanded. "I sent out the evac signal ten 
minutes ago. You should have been here by now."

	"Ouch, Princess. Don't bite my ear off." He laughed. "I expect an apology 
after I give you the good news. Me and the boys just found the controlling 
station for the demon tree ships." Ayeka heard a muffled human scream in the 
background. "I don't care what you do with the little weasal. Just stash him 
somewhere," shouted the gangster away from the communicator. "I just wanted the 
okay from you to toast this place," he told the princess. 

	Ayeka found herself grinning like a school girl. "Permission granted. Now 
get your asses back here."

	"Yes, Ma'am. Ukarit out."

	Ayeka looked back as the fire fight suddenly stopped. "They just stopped 
firing," explained Shoytal.

	"That's because we took care of them, sir," shouted Mastir's voice from 
the hall. 

	The Green Team came hobbling in from the hall. Ayeka noticed that Kiyone 
was injured the worst with a bandage around her right arm and because she was 
holding her ribs. "The engines are wired, Miss Ayeka," said the GP. 

	"Excellent work, Detective," commended Ayeka. "All we have to do now is 
hold our position until Sir Ukarit arrives." As if on cue a fresh storm of 
blaster fire erupted from the hall.

_____ 

	The Light Hawk Blitz maneuver went off perfectly. The fire laid down by 
the gem ships confused the demon ships enough so that the cabbit battle ships 
were able to land a successful first strike. Unfortunately, the enemy fleet had 
recovered quickly, and now the ships that had pulled off the Light Hawk Blitz 
were cut off. Admiral Judroa tried to rally enough ships to drive towards the 
stranded force, but the rest of the fleet was too separated in the chaos.
	
	Then he noticed a change in the tactical readouts. "Lieutenant! Give me a 
closer reading of grid 7-G."

	"Yes, Admiral!"

	A screen appeared in front of Judroa showing a force of gem ships battling 
twice as many demon ships. Then, suddenly, the demon ships stopped firing in 
unison. The gem ships responded right away by pressing their attack. The demon 
ships were destroyed in seconds. Judroa looked at the rest of the displays. The 
same scenario was occurring all across the battle. The demon ships were suddenly 
attacking sporadically, and his fleet was taking full advantage of this. 

	"Admiral!" called someone from the sensor station. "I'm getting some 
activity from the enemy flagship."

	"On screen," ordered Judroa. 

	A screen appeared with the Souja class battleship in it. Judroa watched it 
for a second. Then there was an explosion from the rear of the ship. Then there 
was another explosion, and the ship was racked by a chain of detonations. 
Finally, the entire ship exploded in a storm of fire. 

	"Enemy fleet is in disarray, Admiral."

	"Finish the bastards off," commanded Judroa. "I hope you got out of there 
safely, Ayeka," he whispered to himself.

_____ 

	A single cabbit ship zoomed away from the fiery mass that was Tokimi's 
chariot. Ukarit sat in the pilot's chair doing his best to control the living 
ship. The rest of the strike team was scattered around the bridge staring out 
the window.

	"Where to now, Princess?" asked the gangster.

	Ayeka walked around until she could see Jurai. "Take us down to the 
planet," she said quietly. "The battle up here is won, but the fate of our 
universe has yet to be decided down there."

	So it was that the cabbit ship altered its course and headed for the 
planet Jurai.

_____ 

	Tenchi and Ryoko came to a stop in front of a large black door. They had 
been moving through Tokimi's Temple for some time now without being challenged. 
Tenchi turned his head and looked at Ryoko. "This is it. Once we go inside, 
there's no turning back."

	Ryoko's hand found his and squeezed it. "Ready." She kissed him quickly on 
the lips and kicked the door open. 

	Tenchi and Ryoko slowly walked into the center of the Temple. It was a 
massive chamber filled with floating platforms and ringed in columns. Tenchi's 
eyes went wide when he saw Sasami and Washu bound in the very center of the 
room. There were bolts of colored lightning running between them and from 
something floating in front of them. Tenchi's heart skipped a beat when he 
realized what the floating object was.

	"Mayuka!" cried Ryoko. The pirate was about to launch herself at the 
child, but Tenchi stopped her. "Let me go, Tenchi! I have to get her out of 
there!"

	"I'm afraid that will be quite impossible," stated a raspy voice from 
above. Ryoko stopped moving and looked up to see the owner of the voice. Tenchi 
followed her gaze and scowled.

	Ziasha slowly floated down from the ceiling. He was wearing black and gray 
Light Hawk Armor and had his arms folded across his chest. "I'm so glad that you 
two decided to come here. I was beginning to wonder if you were even going to 
show."

	"We've come for Sasami, Washu, and Mayuka," declared Tenchi. He released 
Ryoko's arm and took several steps forward. "We will not let Tokimi come into 
this dimension at their expenses." 

	"There is nothing you can do, boy," countered Ziasha. "The Will demands 
that they aid in my Lady's arrival."

	"Screw the Will!" shouted Ryoko. Her Light Hawk Sword formed in her right 
hand. "Give me back my family, now!"

	Tenchi formed his own Sword and pointed it at the dark warrior. "This ends 
now, Ziasha. I will not allow you to hurt my family or the people of this galaxy 
anymore."

	Ziasha unfolded his arms and extended them towards Tenchi and Ryoko. There 
was a pair of flashes, and he held a black Light Hawk Sword in each hand. "The 
time has come. Let the chosen of the goddesses battle for supremacy."

_____ 

	Pain was all Washu could feel. It was through sheer determination alone 
that the former goddess kept her eyes open. And so she watched from a ring side 
seat as the battle between Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ziasha began. Ryoko roared with 
rage and flew right at Ziasha. The dark warrior braced himself for Ryoko's first 
attack, but at the last second she vanished. Ziasha had only a moment to be 
confused because Tenchi had been hot on Ryoko's heels. Tsunami's Knight shouted 
a war cry of his own as his white blade clashed against Ziasha's two black 
Swords. 

	Ziasha caught Tenchi's Sword between his weapons and pushed him away. 
Tokimi's Champion rushed forward attacking high and low. Tenchi parried both 
attacks with desperate speed while trying to counter attack. The right black 
Sword batted the single white Sword inwards, and Ziasha spun around to his right 
with his other sword aiming for Tenchi's head. His attack was stopped as Ryoko 
appeared and parried the slash. Ziasha roared and disengaged from the other two 
warriors. Tenchi and Ryoko wasted no time and charged again. Black, blue, and 
red sparks of power filled the air as the three fenced back and forth.

	Tenchi and Ryoko jumped back as Ziasha began making wide arcs with his 
Swords. Tokimi's Champion suddenly launched himself upwards, and the two other 
combatants followed suit. Tenchi reached Ziasha first. The dark warrior stopped 
his ascent causing Tenchi to continue up. Tenchi halted his own ascent, but was 
too late to dodge Ziasha's black ribbon. The ribbon impacted on Tenchi's chest 
sending him high into the air. Ziasha spun around just in time to parry an 
attack from Ryoko. The pirate slashed repeatedly at her foe, but he was able to 
block each attack. Ziasha slashed at Ryoko from both sides, but Ryoko phased 
right through the blades, lunged forward, and became solid again just before 
driving her shoulder into Ziasha's gut. 

	The two of them flew all the way across the room until they crashed into 
one of the columns. Ryoko pulled back and made to punch Ziasha in the head, but 
her fist only connected with the column. Ziasha reappeared behind her, grabbed a 
handful of her hair, and slammed Ryoko's face into the pillar. The dark warrior 
raised his Sword to bury it in Ryoko's back.

	"Ziasha!" cried Tenchi causing the other man to pause with his fatal 
thrust. Ziasha looked up to see Tenchi soaring at him sword first. 

	Tokimi's Champion released Ryoko and rose to meet Tenchi's attack. Their 
swords crossed, and Tenchi's momentum pushed Ziasha down. The two foes altered 
their descent and started flying sideways across the chamber. The two Light Hawk 
Swords clashed again and again sending off waves of power in all directions. 
They both suddenly stopped, and Ziasha lunged for Tenchi's head, but the prince 
dropped down below the range of the attack. Ziasha moved to follow, but his 
action was interrupted as Ryoko's right foot slammed into his face. He used the 
force from Ryoko's kick and flipped away just as Tenchi attacked again. Ziasha 
righted himself in the air and summoned a second Light Hawk Sword. The three of 
them resumed the aerial duel without pause.

	Washu knew that Ziasha wielded more brute power than either Tenchi or 
Ryoko. However, the former goddess was still connected to her daughter, and it 
was through this connection that she knew Tenchi and Ryoko were fighting as one. 
Together the two of them could defeat Ziasha, and from what she was seeing they 
were doing just that. Ziasha was being hard pressed to keep up with the attacks 
from both Tenchi and Ryoko. Ziasha parried Ryoko's Sword and pushed her away, 
but before her could take advantage of her imbalance Tenchi attacked from 
behind. Tokimi's Champion spun around to parry Tenchi's attack. As soon as his 
back was turned, Ryoko threw her head forward releasing a wave if hair needles 
that proceeded to imbed themselves in Ziasha's back. He lurched in pain allowing 
Tenchi to score a slash across his midsection.

	Ziasha tried to catch Tenchi's head between his Swords, but the faster 
Tenchi easily dodged the attack. Off balance himself, Ziasha was not able to 
dodge as two red ribbons of power hit him in the back. He plummeted forward 
spinning end over end. Tenchi flew over to where Ryoko was and banished his 
Sword. Washu could feel Ryoko communicating with Tenchi. They extended their 
hands and fired two beams of power at the same time. The two red and blue power 
blasts hit the hurtling Ziasha causing a massive explosion. 

	"Oh yeah!" cheered Ryoko.

	Washu wanted to warn them, but the pain from the lightning didn't allow 
her to speak. She could still feel Ziasha's power, and it was growing stronger. 
Washu tried to scream a warning again as a black blast shot from the smoke and 
hit Ryoko. Tears of both pain and frustration streamed from Washu's eyes as she 
watched her daughter plummet from the air.

_____ 

	Tenchi reacted instantly and raced to catch Ryoko before she hit one of 
the platforms. Another black power blast screamed past Tenchi as he neared his 
falling love. Tenchi sighed with relief as his arms wrapped around Ryoko, and he 
pulled them out of their descent. The pirate moaned and opened her golden eyes. 
"That really hurt."

	"Can you fly?" asked Tenchi as he banked left to avoid yet another blast. 
Ryoko nodded, and Tenchi carefully let her go but kept a hold of her left hand.

	The smoke finally cleared, and they saw Ziasha floating with his hands 
outstretched and his long green hair standing on end. Dark Light Hawk Power was 
flowing all over his body. He stared at them with eyes of pure fire. "You cannot 
defeat me! My power is absolute!" Tenchi could feel the power building up around 
Ziasha.

	Ryoko started charging up to blast him, but Tenchi stopped her. "Don't!"

	She hesitantly let go of the power she had been gathering. "Why? He's 
gonna toast us in two seconds."

	"I have a plan," he said quickly. "This is exactly what happened that 
first time I fought Ziasha. He and I both fully opened up ourselves to our Light 
Hawk Wings. I remember barely being able to control that much power, and I 
assume that he was having just as much difficulty." Tenchi could feel Ziasha 
focusing his power, now.

	Tenchi took Ryoko's hands in his. "We have to combine our Wings. I think 
it's the only way we'll stand a chance."

	Both their heads jerked around as Ziasha released a huge blast of black 
Light Hawk Power. A combined blue and red Light Hawk Shield opened up in front 
of Tenchi and Ryoko just in time to block the blast. The black power pushed 
against the six Light Hawk Wings forcing Tenchi and Ryoko back.

	"I can't hold it much longer, Tenchi!" shouted Ryoko. 

	"Just hang on!" urged Tenchi. "We just have to hold out until he starts to 
lose control!"

	The black power increased its push against their combined Wings. Black 
lightning bolts started to shoot out from the black cone of power. "I will kill 
you both!" shouted Ziasha. "Your whole universe will die under the power of Lady 
Tokimi! Nothing will stop us!" He began to laugh hysterically.

	Suddenly, Ziasha's power blast rippled sending a storm of lightning 
everywhere. There was a visible power surge, and Ziasha lost all control of his 
attack. The power blast rebounded off of Tenchi and Ryoko's shield right back at 
Ziasha. "What...is...happening!?" he screamed as the blast hit him.

	Acting as one, Tenchi and Ryoko lowered their combined shield and flew 
right at Ziasha. The dark warrior saw them charging. He tried to fire at them, 
but black electricity surging all over his body caused a temporary paralysis. 
Light Hawk Swords blazing with power, Tenchi attacked high and Ryoko attacked 
low. There was a thunder clap as the two Light Hawk Swords found their target. 
Tenchi and Ryoko stopped in the air several feet behind Ziasha. They lowered 
their weapons and turned around.

	"Impossible," whispered Ziasha right before his head left his shoulders 
and his torso fell away from his waist. Ziasha Corodune, Chosen of Tokimi, 
bearer of the dark Light Hawk Wings, and the man who had started an interstellar 
war was dead. 

	Tenchi started to let his muscles relax, when Ryoko shot off towards the 
center of the chamber. Tenchi wearily summoned up the power to fly and followed 
her. They landed on the center platform where the dimensional rift was starting 
to form. Ryoko reached out for Mayuka, but Tenchi grabbed her shoulders. "We 
shouldn't do anything until we're sure it's safe."

	Ryoko took several steps to her right and stood in front of Washu. Tenchi 
walked over to Sasami, but soon realized that she was unconscious. The area 
between Washu and Sasami suddenly imploded, creating a gray vortex. The 
lightning passing between Washu, Sasami, and Mayuka vanished. Tenchi slowly 
reached for Sasami's head. "Ten...chi, don't."

	He turned to see Washu looking at him. Her eyes were barely open, and she 
could hardly keep her head up. Tenchi was quickly standing beside Ryoko looking 
up at Washu. "What can we do to help, Washu?" he asked.

	"There is...nothing you can...do, yet," she answered in a hoarse whisper. 
"The only...way we can be freed is...if you destroy Tokimi. Any other 
attempt...to free us will...result in instantaneous...death." She motioned to 
the vortex with her head. "You must go to her realm to fight. If...she crosses 
dimensions...it's all over."

	Tenchi took a deep breath and nodded. "I understand, Washu."

	She gave him a weak smile. "Be careful. Tokimi...will attack your minds. 
Don't let her...use you."

	Ryoko smiled confidently. "Don't worry, mom. We beat her stooge, so we can 
kick Tokimi's wrinkled ass."

	Washu somehow managed a larger smile. "You called me...mom." She tried to 
make a kissy face at the pirate. "How about a kiss...for mommy, Little Ryoko?"

	Ryoko took Tenchi by the arm and started for the vortex. "Don't push your 
luck, Washu." She looked over her shoulder at her mother and smiled warmly. 
"We'll talk later." 

	Holding hands tightly, Tenchi and Ryoko dove into the vortex.

_____ 

	"So it has come to this," remarked Tokimi to the darkness around her. "My 
poor Ziasha was done in by his own desire for power. Such a shame." Tokimi 
watched as the doorway to the next dimension opened. "But now my prize has 
arrived, and nothing is going to stand in my way." She grimaced as Washu's brat 
suddenly appeared in the distance. "Nothing."

_____ 

	Ryoko exited the portal and immediately realized she was alone. There was 
nothing but darkness around her, yet she could still see. She turned in a full 
circle, but there was no sign of Tenchi.

	"Tenchi?" Ryoko called softly. "Tenchi? Where are you?"

	The attack came so quickly that Ryoko never even stood a chance. Her gems 
were suddenly burning. The pirate screamed in terror and pain when she 
recognized what was happening to her. A great pressure exerted itself on her 
mind, and she felt her own consciousness being pushed away.

	"NO!" she howled. "NOT AGAIN! I WILL NOT BECOME SOMEONE'S TOOL AGAIN!" Try 
as she might, Ryoko could not fight against the stronger will that was taking 
over her mind and body. She screamed one last time before all control was lost.

_____ 

	Tokimi was pleased. She had caught the cyan haired bitch off guard, and 
now she was her's to command. If the boy did not go along with her plans of his 
own free will, Washu's little whelp would be the perfect tool for breaking the 
his willpower.

_____ 
	
	Tenchi looked around, but all he saw was darkness. Where was Ryoko? They 
had entered together. He opened his mind and reached out for her. Nothing. Not 
even a small tingle that usually alerted him to her presence. Something moved in 
the corner of his right eye, and Tenchi turned to see what it was. Standing only 
ten feet from him was a woman unlike any he had seen before. Her skin was pearl 
white, which highlighted the green stripes running down her cheeks and around 
her neck. She gazed at him with purple and blue eyes and wore a multi-colored 
robe with a billowing white cape. 

	She smiled seductively and spoke with a voice of honey. "Welcome, Tenchi 
Masaki. I am Tokimi."

	Tenchi could feel the overwhelming presence of the goddess. For a second 
it threatened to flood his entire consciousness. Tsunami's Knight took a deep 
breath, straightened himself, and stared directly into her eyes. "Tokimi, I 
demand that you release Washu, Sasami, and my daughter."

	She tilted her head slightly to the right and kept her smile leveled on 
him. "Or what, my dear boy? What will you do if I do not comply?"

	Tenchi could feel her trying to get into his thoughts. Tenchi did his best 
to shield his mind from the goddess and continued speaking. "If you do not 
release them as I have asked, I will be forced to destroy you, Tokimi."

	Her head flew back as she laughed at his words. "Perhaps you could at 
that, my boy," she said after the laughter had subsided. "But should you attempt 
that, I would be forced to kill you and that would be such waste."

	"What are you talking about?" asked Tenchi in a confused tone. 

	Tokimi seemed to glide over to Tenchi's side. She raised one of her smooth 
hands and caressed his right cheek. "You possess a great deal of potential, 
Tenchi. Tsunami truly outdid herself when she made you. You, my dear child, are 
the bridge between all and nothing. You alone possess the power to father the 
greatest race of beings either of our dimensions have ever seen." 

	She leaned close and began whispering in his ear. "Join with me, Tenchi. 
Together we can create a new race of gods that will go on to rule over countless 
universes and dimensions." She took his face and turned it towards hers. "All 
you must do is submit to me."

	Tenchi could feel her trying to force him to say yes. Her words entered 
his ears and wrapped themselves around his common sense. The sound of the 
goddess's voice tempted him closer and closer to oblivion. Tenchi closed his 
eyes in an attempt to clear his mind. Then he saw Ryoko with his mind's eye. She 
was smiling mischievously, and her beautiful golden eyes were sparkling with 
life. "I love you, my Tenchi," she told him with a wink.

	Tenchi's eyes opened, and he looked back into Tokimi's eyes with defiance. 
"Give me back my family, now," he demanded in a menacing tone. 
	
	The goddess removed her hand from his face and stepped back. "That was not 
very wise, boy," she hissed. 

	Tenchi moved into a defensive stance as her hands suddenly became a pair 
of purple claws. He summoned his Light Hawk Sword and prepared to battle the 
goddess. "Not yet, Knight of Tsunami. You have one hurtle left before you may 
face me." Tokimi's eyes darted to the right. Tenchi followed her gaze and gasped 
at what he saw.

	Ryoko was hovering several feet in the air with her Light Hawk Sword 
gripped in both hands. Tenchi reached out to her mind and recoiled when all he 
felt was the mind of a beast. Her eyes snapped open to reveal two glowing red 
orbs. Ryoko loosed a beastly roar and charged him. Tenchi lifted off and flew 
away from the maddened Ryoko.

	"Ryoko!" he shouted. "It's me, Tenchi! Snap out of it!" She roared again 
and attacked with an unnatural ferocity. 

	Tenchi only parried her repeated slashes. Her attacks were coming faster 
than he had ever seen them. Unwilling to counter attack, Tenchi only allowed 
himself to parry slash after slash. His mind briefly remembered the last time he 
had seen Ryoko like this. It had been all those years ago when Kagato had 
attacked. The mad scientist had taken control of Ryoko and forced her to attack 
the rest of the family. She had finally regained herself after his Grandfather 
had cut the gem from her wrist.

	"That's not an option," Tenchi told himself. He would not hurt Ryoko. Not 
even to save her life. He had promised her that no one, not even himself, would 
ever hurt her again.

	Ryoko continued to attack wildly in a frenzied attempt to skewer him. They 
crossed Swords and Tenchi looked at Ryoko. Her fangs were bared, and her feline 
eyes were glowing red. Tenchi opened his end of their link and pushed his way 
into her mind. "Ryoko!" he shouted both out loud and mentally. "Fight her! I 
know you're still in there." Ryoko pushed away and launched into another attack.

	Tenchi parried the slash, grabbed Ryoko's wrists, twisted the Sword from 
her hands, and pinned her right arm behind her back. "Ryoko, please come back to 
me," he said quietly into her ear. "Fight Tokimi. I know you can do it. You are 
not a tool or a killing machine. You are Ryoko. The woman I love." He smiled. 
"The woman I want to marry and spend the rest of my life with."

	Ryoko's body continued to thrash in his arms, but Tenchi could feel her 
consciousness fighting to regain mastery. "Tenchi..." he heard her whisper in 
his head. "Help me..."
	
	Tenchi spun Ryoko's body around to face him. He quickly took her head in 
his hands and kissed her. At first Tenchi thought she was going to bite his face 
off, but then Ryoko's body suddenly stopped thrashing. Tenchi felt her arms wrap 
around his neck, and soon she was kissing him back. Tenchi slowly broke the kiss 
and found himself staring in the golden eyes he loved so much. Tears were not 
only falling from her eyes, but from his as well.

	"You beat her," he whispered.

	Ryoko shook her head. "We beat her."

	Tenchi released her head and turned to face Tokimi. The goddess's eyes 
were thin, and Tenchi could feel the power emanating from Tokimi. He moved 
himself in front of Ryoko and stared down the goddess. Tsunami's Knight knew 
what he had to do.  "Ryoko, I want you to take cover."

	"No way, pal," she argued. "You can't beat her alone. It's going to take 
both of us."

	"I know that," replied Tenchi. "That is why you have to use your Wings on 
me. I'll use both our powers against her."

	Ryoko took a firm hold on his left arm. "Then why don't we fight her at 
the same time? We beat Ziasha, we can beat her."

	Tenchi was shaking his head. "I'm sorry, Ryoko, but what I'm about to do I 
have to do alone." He looked deep into her eyes. "Do you trust me?"

	She was silent for a moment. Then Ryoko leaned forward and kissed him 
briefly. "With all my heart." She took several steps back and raised her hands.

	Three red Light Hawk Wings appeared before Tenchi. He tensed as they 
passed over him. There was surge of energy as Tenchi felt Ryoko give him all of 
her power. There was a red flash around Ryoko, and she was wearing the 
sleeveless white dress from the Startica Festival. It took Tenchi a moment to 
adjust to the overwhelming amount of power running through his body. Another red 
flash washed over Tenchi causing his appearance to change slightly. Any part of 
his Light Hawk Armor that had been white was now red. Tenchi felt a heat on his 
forehead as a red dot appeared in the center of each of the green triangles. 

	Tenchi extended his right hand and formed his Light Hawk Sword. The new 
Sword was also different from his old one. The blade was entirely blue except 
for the edges, which were red. He gripped the blade with both hands and focused 
his attention on Tokimi. 

	The goddess raised her claws and beckoned him forward. "Come to your death 
foolish, boy. With or without you, I will rule all."

	Tenchi shifted his weight and charged Tokimi. He moved with more power and 
agility than ever before. His attacks came swiftly and accurately. However, 
Tokimi's claws deflected each of his blows. The goddess moved with a deadly 
grace of her own. Her purple claws shot out after each attack seeking Tenchi's 
blood. Even though he held the power of six Light Hawk Wings, Tenchi knew that 
Tokimi's power was still vastly greater than his. It would only be a matter of 
time before he would tire enough for her to score a killing blow. As with 
Ziasha, Tenchi knew that in order to beat the goddess he would have to out think 
her. 
	
	The question was how?

	Then as Tenchi realized he would never be able to beat Tokimi in a 
straight ahead test of strength, it came to him. The words of his grandfather 
echoed in his mind, "You must remember that with victory sometimes comes 
defeat."

	His grandfather's words suddenly made Tenchi's choice clear. Tenchi 
deflected Tokimi's left claw and made a weak thrust for her mid section. The 
goddess smiled evilly. She pushed the blade down with the palm of her right claw 
and then thrust the claw right into Tenchi's stomach. Tenchi cried out in pain 
and let go of his Sword. The weapon vanished, and Tsunami's Knight slumped 
forward onto the goddess apparently dead.

	"TTTTTEEEEEENNNNNNNCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHIIIIIIII!!!!!!!" screamed Ryoko.

	"And so you die, boy," gloated Tokimi. 

	Her purple and blue eyes went wide with shock as Tenchi's upper body 
suddenly shot up. He brought his hands together over his head, reformed the blue 
and red Light Hawk Sword, and roared in defiance at her words. Tokimi loosed one 
last scream of protest right before Tenchi's Sword arced down and cleaved her 
head in two. The dying goddess's scream echoed all throughout the realm, and a 
pillar of white light erupted from her dying body enveloping everything. 

	As everything became white, Tenchi felt himself slid off of Tokimi's claw 
and hit the invisible ground. Even though he laid there bleeding, Tenchi could 
not help but smile. He had done it. He had saved his family and the universe. As 
the white light consumed him, Tenchi's last thoughts were of Ryoko.

_____ 

	From the bridge of their adopted cabbit ship, Ayeka was forced to shield 
her eyes as an explosion of white filled the sky. "Where did that originate?" 
she asked as soon as her vision cleared. 

	"I think it came from the capital," answered Ukarit.

	"Take us there at all possible speed," ordered Ayeka. 

	The ship sped through the skies of Jurai until it reached the capital. 
"Look there," said Shoytal as he pointed out the window. 

	They were just passing over the capital. Ayeka followed Shoytal's finger 
and saw a gigantic crater in the middle of the city. "Take us down, Sir Ukarit."

	The group was on the ground in a matter of seconds. The ship teleported 
them to the edge of the crater and transformed back into a cabbit. "I see 
movement in the center!" cried Somar.

	Ayeka broke into a dead run for the center of the crater. She nearly 
tumbled all the way down the incline, but managed to somehow keep her footing. 
The princess could clearly see two figures moving up ahead. The closer she got 
the clearer it became who they were.

	"Sasami!" shouted Ayeka.

	The blue haired princess spun around at the sound of her name. "Ayeka!" 
She ran to her sister with tears in her eyes. The two of them met half way and 
hugged. Sasami began to sob into Ayeka's stomach.

	"It's all right, Sasami," soothed Ayeka. "It's all over, now." She patted 
her little sister gently on her head. Ayeka looked away and saw the other figure 
was Washu. The genius was holding a sleeping Mayuka in her arms. "Washu? Where 
are Tenchi and Ryoko?"

______ 

	As if on cue Ryoko exploded up from a mound of dirt and ash. Her white 
dress was stained beyond repair, but she didn't give a damn. Ryoko's senses 
noticed Ayeka and the rest of the group calling to her, but again she didn't 
give a damn. "Tenchi?" she called out.

	She opened up her link to Tenchi and searched for his presence. Her heart 
nearly stopped when she didn't sense him anywhere. Then there was a faint tingle 
in the back of her mind. Ryoko jumped high into the air looking for any sign of 
him. "Tenchi!" she cried when she spotted an arm sticking out from the dirt.

	The pirate descended at mach five and pulled Tenchi from the ground. She 
started choking on her own breath when she saw the wound in his stomach. Blood 
was still oozing from the wound and staining his green T-shirt. Ryoko pushed at 
his mind for any kind of response, and tears began to stream down her cheeks 
when Tenchi didn't respond at all. Ryoko took him in her arms and started 
speaking wildly.

	"Tenchi, wake up!" she screamed at his face.

	No response.

	She caressed his cheek and held him close. "Tenchi, please wake up."

	He wasn't moving or breathing at all.

	Ryoko shook him, but he remained still. "No," she whispered. "No, this 
isn't happening." She pulled him to her chest and raised her face to the sky. 

	"NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"


...Not The End


