Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses

"Scars and Allies"

	
	The demon grabbed Ayeka by the shoulders and slammed her into the wall. 
She tried to summon her force field, but the princess could not focus her 
thoughts. The creature opened its maw to bite her. Its breath was fetid and 
nauseating. The threat of death spurned Ayeka to desperately claw for a hold on 
her Jurai Power. Her circlet flared with power, and the beast was thrown back 
several feet. Ayeka released a blue bolt from her outstretched hands, but the 
demon dodged to the left. The princess was so focused on attacking, that she did 
not bother to try and reform her shield. The demon's barbed tail snapped out and 
lashed across her face. 

	Ayeka cried out in pain and dropped to the floor of the chamber. The demon 
roared and lunged for the wounded princess. It would have finished her for sure 
had not Shoytal and Verka barred its path. Verka's massive form blocked the 
beast's attack. He drove his energy claws into its chest causing the demon to 
rear back. When it threw its head back in a roar, one of Shoytal's blue blades 
separated its head from its shoulders.

	Verka pulled his claws from the corpse and let it fall to the ground. 
Ayeka pushed herself back to her feet. Her head was throbbing in pain, and she 
was suffering from a dizzy feeling. She wobbled on her feet and started to 
collapse again. Shoytal caught her and held her up right. 

	"Are you all right, Princess?" he asked with concern.

	Ayeka touched the left side of her face with her left hand. She winced 
when her fingers touched the gash running down her cheek. Shoytal saw the blood 
on her fingers and gasped. "You're hurt!" he exclaimed. "I must get you to a 
regeneration bed immediately!"

	Ayeka laid a hand on his shoulder to stop him. "No," she said flatly. "I 
must extend the Jurai Power shield first. Just get a cauterizor and seal up the 
wound."

	Shoytal paled. "But, your Highness. If we cauterize the wound your face 
will be scarred."
	She shook her head. "What is one scar compared to all those who have 
sacrificed their lives in this war?" Ayeka turned her steely gaze on him. "Just 
get it, now, Captain."

	He understood the tone of her voice and nodded. "Verka, help her Highness 
to the tree while I get a cauterizor." The large Knight replaced Shoytal as the 
princess's support.

	Ayeka, with Verka's help, made it over to the large space tree in the 
center of the chamber. Ayeka placed her hands on the trunk and started a process 
that she had been doing repeatedly for the past week and a half. A prismatic 
beam of energy shot up from the tree and into the sky. Ayeka sighed and nearly 
fainted in Verka's arms.

	"You should not have done that so soon, Princess Ayeka," admonished Verka. 
"Your body cannot handle all the stress you are putting on it."

	Ayeka regained her senses and shook her head slightly. "I'll be just fine, 
Verka. Our forces will not be attacking another system for three more days. I'll 
be able to rest enough during that time."

	"I hope so, Highness," replied the large Knight. "I can fight off any 
enemy that tries to get you, but I cannot fight exhaustion. That is one enemy 
that would even get me." He loosed a deep laugh after that statement.

	The princess smiled at that, but winced as pain shot through her left 
cheek. Verka eased her up against the tree just as Shoytal returned. The knight 
captain held a pen shaped object in his left hand. "Are you sure about this, 
Princess? There are some regeneration beds nearby that we could get you to."

	Ayeka shook her head yet again. "Cauterize the wound, Captain. There are 
those with more serious wounds that need the beds. All I have is this little 
scratch." She tried to smile again, but the pain stopped it.

	Shoytal set his jaw and turned on the small laser. A thin red beam touched 
the top of the gash on her cheek. Ayeka sucked in her breath as the laser began 
to burn her flesh closed. The burning pain lasted several more seconds as 
Shoytal closed the entire gash. When he finally finished, the stinging pain in 
her face was gone, but it was still throbbing.

	"Thank you, Captain," said Ayeka. She rested her hand on his shoulder and 
started to move away from the tree. "Now come. We must get going and make sure 
the city has been retaken." The three of them walked out of the oval chamber.

	Earlier that morning, the Juraian Liberation Force had began retaking the 
fifth system in the past week and a half. Like she did for every first strike, 
Ayeka, along with her Royal Guard, had joined the ground forces. The demon 
resistance had been quite large this time, and it had taken the invading forces 
some time to get into the city. Ayeka and her knights had been the first to 
penetrate the defenses surrounding the building which housed the oldest space 
tree and the demon overmind. They had killed the overmind with relative ease, 
but its crazed guardian demons had proved stronger than previous guardians. 
Mastir, Nunar, and Gerin had chased some of the demons into the halls, while 
Shoytal, Verka, and herself had dealt with the remaining ones. 

	When the three of them emerged from the building, they found a common post 
battle scene. The Juraian forces were in the process of clearing out the last of 
the confused demons. The communicator on her belt began beeping. Ayeka steadied 
herself and raised it to her mouth. "This is the Princess, go ahead."

	 "It's Commander Yosho, your Highness," came her brother's voice over the 
receiver. "We saw the shield go up. I'm just checking to make sure that 
everything is all right. Shall I send down the remaining ground forces to clean 
up the demons planet wide?"

	"Do as you see fit, Commander," replied Ayeka. "Send down my shuttle, 
please. I have suffered some minor injuries in combat and need to regain my 
strength."

	"As you command, Princess Ayeka. Yosho out." The communicator hissed and 
went silent. Ayeka returned it to her belt and looked up to see Mastir, Nunar, 
and Gerin coming towards her. 

	The three knights stopped and bowed their heads. "We got all of the scaly 
bastards, Princess," reported Gerin.

	"The city is ours, Highness," added Mastir. He looked at the dried blood 
around her scar and grimaced. "Are you all right, Princess?"

	"I'm fine, Mastir," she assured him. She gave all five of her bodyguards a 
cold stare. "Will you all stop treating me like I am a piece of glass. I've 
taken worse hits when fighting with Ryoko." The brief thought of her old rival 
and their fights created an unexpected warm feeling in her heart. 

	Ayeka pushed the feeling away and continued speaking. "Now I want you five 
to go and make sure that we have eraticated all the demons in the city. After 
that, you may all return to the ship for a three day leave."

	They all bowed their heads to the order except Shoytal. "I'm sorry, your 
Highness, but all members of the Royal Family must always have at least one 
bodyguard nearby."

	Ayeka frowned ever so slightly. She had grown to like her five knights, 
but she had wanted a little bit of time completely to herself without one of 
them hanging around. "Fine, Captain," relented the princess. "You may accompany 
me back to the Royal Pride."

	The roaring sound of shuttle engines filled the air as Ayeka's transport 
landed near them. Ayeka told the other four Knights to be alert and not get hurt 
while remaining on the planet. The shuttle lifted off and returned to the Royal 
Pride without delay. Minutes later the transport landed in the Pride's docking 
bay, and Ayeka and Shoytal exited. The knight captain escorted the princess down 
the halls of the flagship to her quarters. Due to her exhausted state, Ayeka was 
forced to lean on Shoytal most of the way. The door to her room slid open, and 
the captain helped the princess inside. Ayeka eased into one of the chairs 
around table and released a deep sigh.

	"Thank you for the assistance, Captain," she said. "I can take care of 
myself from here on."

	"Are you sure, Princess?" he asked. She nodded, and he started for the 
door.

	Ayeka rose and began walking to her bedroom. She had taken no more than 
two steps, when the princess stumbled and fell forward. Ayeka tensed for the 
impact, but her descent stopped as two arms wrapped around her. Shoytal quickly 
picked Ayeka up and carried her to the bed before the princess could say a word 
of protest. Ayeka was blushing wildly as the knight captain placed her on the 
mattress and stepped back. 

	"Th...thank you, Captain," she managed to stutter. "But I must insist you 
leave." She tried to get off the bed. "I am perfectly capable of moving about 
under my own power." To prove her point, Ayeka carefully swung her legs over the 
edge of the bed and moved to her feet.

	Ayeka immediately lost her balance and fell forward. Shoytal lunged 
forward and caught her in his arms again. The two of them stood, and Ayeka found 
herself looking him in the face. His breaths were quick and warm against her 
cheeks. They stood there for a moment staring at each other. Ayeka's senses 
froze as Shoytal moved to kiss her. Her hand shot up between their faces to stop 
his advance.

	"Please do not, Shoytal," whispered Ayeka. "I cannot rightfully do that, 
for my heart belongs to another."

	He nodded, eased her back on the bed, and moved away from her. "I 
apologize, Ayeka." He blushed ever so slightly. "I do not know what came over 
me." He straightened and gave her a swift salute. "I'll post some guards outside 
your door until we return to Black Star Alpha." He turned and walked away before 
Ayeka could respond.

	Ayeka reached back and undid her small ponytail, letting her short purple 
hair fall around her face. She removed her circlet and sighed. "What just 
happened?" she asked the piece of Ryo-Oh in her hands. Ayeka realized that her 
heart was beating rather fast. 

	The princess summoned all the strength she had left and made her way to 
the bathroom to wash. Half an hour later, Ayeka emerged from the bathroom 
wearing a simple white bathrobe. She moved slowly over to the mirror hanging 
above her desk and sat down. Ayeka remained silent as she stared at her 
reflection. She had washed all the dirt and gore away so that her skin was 
perfectly clean. The fresh scar running down her left cheek winked at her in the 
dim light of her room. Ayeka gingerly traced the scar with her left index 
finger. "Why am I not bothered by this?" she asked the reflection. "Where is the 
old me that would fly into a rage at the slightest hint of a tiny blemish on her 
perfect skin?" Her finger reached the end of the scar. "Where is the arrogance 
that I was once so proud of?"

	Ayeka waited, but her reflection didn't answer. "You've grown up," she 
said finally. "Who cares about a small scar if you still have your life. So many 
have already died in this horrible war, you should be so lucky to only have this 
scar." She tilted her head to the right. "You have been scarred, but your men 
still respect you and look up to you. Perhaps some even see it as a badge of 
honor." Her thoughts skipped to Shoytal's attempt to kiss her. 

	"You are scarred, but men still desire you," she whispered. Shoytal's face 
flashed before her eyes. Yes, he was quite handsome, a strong knight, brave, and 
a good leader. 

	The princess sighed and rested her chin in her hands. Not once had she 
given him any suggestions, yet he still tried to kiss her. He hadn't forced 
himself on her, but only tried to give her simple kiss. Ayeka knew from 
experience when to notice an attempt to express affections. She herself had 
tried many times to express her own feelings to a certain spiky haired young 
man. Ayeka frowned at the thought of being the cause of someone else's 
heartache.

	Tenchi's face appeared in her mind's eye. "Oh, Tenchi," she sighed. There 
was never a doubt that she loved him. Perhaps in the beginning she had cared for 
him simply because of his relation to Yosho, but that had soon changed. Tenchi 
had given her something that no other man ever had. He had given her an identity 
besides that of the Crown Princess. Tenchi had looked past all that to the real 
woman beneath and welcomed her as a friend. 

	If only Tenchi would express his feelings towards those who loved him so. 
Ayeka knew very well how much it hurt to love and not be loved in return. She 
knew Tenchi did not mean to hurt her or even Ryoko. He just did not want to end 
up hurting either of the girls, and Ayeka knew that to be true. That was one of 
the reasons she cared about him. He always put the rest of them before himself. 

	"But does he realize the pain he causes while trying to be nice?" she 
asked the reflection again. Ayeka was shocked at the insight she was having 
about Tenchi's actions. "In trying to protect my feelings and Ryoko's, he 
unintentionally hurts us more."

	Ayeka took in a deep breath and straightened in the chair. "I love you, 
Tenchi Masaki, fool may you be. I only hope that some day soon you decide where 
your heart lies." Her eyes thinned. "As for you, Princess. Make sure you do not 
hurt Shoytal. He is a good man and deserves better."

	Satisfied that she had come to a good compromise with her emotions, Ayeka 
rose and walked over to her bed. She picked up her circlet and placed it back on 
her forehead. She sat down on the edge of her bed and looked at the night table. 
Four golden discs sat there. Ayeka picked up the one with her name on it and 
pressed down in the center. The air above the disc shimmered and a holographic 
Washu appeared. She smiled and began to speak.

	"Hello, Ayeka. I assume that Kiyone and Mihoshi have returned from their 
failed attempt to contact the rest of the Galaxy Police. I say that because I 
already knew that it would be hopeless to expect help from them. My guess is 
that Ziasha has already neutralized them or is about to. So, I am going to give 
you some advice and suggestions. While I have taken the girls to the GP HQ, I 
will not be returning with them. After I drop them off, I am going to go and try 
and stop this war before anyone else dies, but if things go the way I believe 
they will the war will continue despite my efforts. Therefore, I want you to 
continue with whatever plans you, Yosho, and Judroa have cooked up. Any day now 
I expect some help from Tenchi and Ryoko to arrive at Black Star Alpha, so don't 
get too excited when about fifty ships drop out of hyperspace on your doorstep. 
There is a lot more you need to know, but that will have to wait until everyone 
is back together.

	Be wary of Ziasha. He is more than just a brute. That man is as cunning as 
a fox and twice as smart. So don't underestimate him and always expect him to do 
his worst. Please be careful and stay alive when you go romping around freeing 
planets. 

	Good luck."

	The holograph fizzled and disappeared. Ayeka sighed and placed the disc 
back on the table. That had been the tenth time she had watched the message. The 
princess wanted to make sure that she had understood everything Washu had said.  
Finally, the purple haired princess laid down on the bed and closed her eyes. 
The exhaustion of the past weeks assaulted her senses immediately sending her 
into deep sleep.

_____ 

	 Shoytal placed two guards at the princess's door and headed for his own 
quarters. The dark haired knight's face betrayed nothing of the emotions raging 
inside him. How could he have done something like that? For one brief moment it 
was as if all his discipline had been thrown out the window. How could he have 
let his feelings for her show in such a manor? Since that first day he saw her 
at the tactical session to attack the enemy fleet, Shoytal had not been able to 
stop thinking about her. Of course, he had pushed away any thoughts of getting 
to know her because she was the First Crown Princess. Then, when Commander Yosho 
had come to assign him as captain of her bodyguards, part of him had been over 
joyed. 

	The captain had called his old friends, who had been assigned to his ship, 
to join him on this assignment. Shoytal had vowed that while he and the other 
four knights were protecting the princess, no harm would come to her at all. He 
had been somewhat shocked when she had decided to lead the attack on Humar. And 
the captain had been able to keep that vow on every assault the princess 
insisted on taking part in, until today. Shoytal had been so ashamed when the 
demon had scored a wound on Ayeka's face. He had expected her to fly into a rage 
at being wounded in such a way, but she had surprised him by settling for a 
scar. Of course, he still thought she was beautiful even with the scar. 

	"Stop it," he hissed at himself. "You should not think of things like 
that. She is the Crown Princess, and you are just her guard. Besides," he 
whispered, "she already said that she could not care for you."

	Shoytal was still arguing with himself when he entered his quarters. Well 
to be more precise, the quarters he shared with his men. The other four knights 
had already returned from the planet and were sitting around the lounge area 
that separated the bedrooms. 

	"So, how is she?" asked Verka from the couch. He was polishing his 
gauntlets.      

	"Resting," answered Shoytal. 

	"Resting, huh?" said Gerin from his end of the couch. "And did we help her 
to get rested?" He grinned at the captain.

	Shoytal shot him an icy stare. "Don't make me hurt you, Gerin," he 
threatened. "I'm not in the mood." The red headed knight raised his hands in 
mock surrender.

	"You talk too much, Gerin," said Mastir without looking up from the data 
pad he was reading. The blond knight was sitting in a chair seemingly ignoring 
the rest of them. "One of these days, that mouth of yours is really going to get 
you in trouble."

	"Blah blah blah," chimed Gerin as he rose to find himself a drink. 

	Shoytal looked around to room until he found Nunar sitting, crossed 
legged, in a corner with his eyes closed. The short knight was deep into his 
meditation, and Shoytal chose not to disturb him. "Mastir, you've got the next 
shift to guard the Princess. There are already some guards outside her door, so 
get going." 

	The other knight placed the data pad he was reading down on the table and 
rose. "I'm on my way, Shoytal." He nodded once and left the room. 

	The captain moved over and sat down in the chair Mastir had been 
occupying. He was just about to remove his boots, when the communicator on his 
left wrist began to beep. He raised it to his mouth and spoke. "Shoytal here, go 
ahead."

	He shot up as he heard blaster fire over the communicator. "Sir! We've got 
a mutiny on level four! They are positioned in a way that we cannot press the 
attack! We need assistance immediately!"

	"We're on our way," assured Shoytal. He jumped to his feet with his sword 
hilt in hand. "You heard 'em, boys. Let's put down the mutiny fast."

	The other three knights followed after him as he ran from the room. "Why 
in the hell would anybody mutiny at a time like this?" asked Gerin as they ran 
down the halls. "I mean, I know we are at war, but the other side wants to wipe 
us out completely."
	
	"Who cares," said Verka. "We just have to kick their asses. Let the 
security agents ask the questions."

	Gerin smiled at the large knight's response. He looked at Nunar running 
beside him. "Have words of wisdom for us, Nun?"

	"Speech is distracting in battle," he replied quietly. "So shut up, 
Gerin."

	"Why does everybody pick on me?" cried Gerin with a distraught look.

	"Cause you make it so easy," answered Shoytal. They climbed the ladders up 
to the fourth level. "Now cut the chatter! We're in the hot zone."

	There was a collective wave of snap hisses as each knight activated his 
weapon. Shoytal only activated one of his blue blades. The four Juraian knights 
moved carefully down the halls. Blaster fire echoed from up ahead. They came 
around a bend and found several soldiers returning fire down another hallway. 
Shoytal spotted the sergeant in charge and moved to him. "Sergeant, I am Captain 
Shoytal. What is the exact situation?"
	
	The sergeant holstered his blaster and wiped some sweat from his brow. "We 
estimate at least twenty men hold the area down that hall."

	"What's down there?" asked Gerin.

	"Ship's computer node," said the sergeant. "That's where all the trees in 
the ship are connected so that the computers can process commands faster."

	"This the only way in there?" asked Shoytal. The sergeant nodded. "Then we 
need a new door. Nunar, you're with me. Verka and Gerin, you two charge when we 
give the signal." Shoytal nodded to Nunar, and they headed back the way they 
came. 
	
	"What's the signal?" called the sergeant.

	Shoytal didn't bother to answer. Verka and Gerin would know when to 
attack, and that was sufficient. He and Nunar stopped at a turbolift and took it 
to the level above. They exited the lift out onto the third level and ran down 
the hall to the approximate location of the battle below. Roots from the ship's 
space trees were running down the walls and into the floor. Both men pointed 
their weapons at the floor. Shoytal focused his power into the blade until it 
had built up substantially. With two battle cries, the knights released the 
power in the weapons blowing a hole in the floor. They were in the hole before 
the smoke even started to clear. 

	Shoytal landed easily and scanned the room. There were seven men gathered 
at the entrance to the hall, and thirteen scattered around the room working at 
consoles. Shoytal wasted no time in attacking the men at the entrance. He took 
three of them down instantly. One turned to fire his gun, but Shoytal simply 
activated the second blade of this sword. The blue blade speared the man in the 
chest. 

	The other three turned to fire, but didn't get a chance as Verka and Gerin 
descended upon them. Shoytal moved to help Nunar and was not surprised to find 
that the silent knight had already subdued the remaining rebels. The sergeant 
came running into the room with his men and stopped when he saw the carnage of 
the scene. 

	"Problem solved," announced Gerin with a grin.

	"I'm not so sure," warned Shoytal. "There is something strange about 
this."

	All heads turned as more footsteps echoed from the hall. Admiral Judroa 
followed by more armed soldiers entered the node. He scanned the room and walked 
over to Shoytal. "I see you have the situation under control, Captain. Good 
work."

	Shoytal extinguished his weapon and saluted the Admiral. "Thank you, sir." 

	Judroa saluted back and looked over the room again. "The Princess was 
alerted to the situation, and she ordered that I take care of things 
immediately. She heard that you and the rest of your men were already on sight. 
Mastir is escorting her here as we speak." He nudged a corpse with his foot. 
"Any clue as to why this happened?"

	"I believe I have the answer sir," said Nunar. They all turned to look at 
the small knight. 

	He proceeded to rip the uniform off one of the corpses. All those gathered 
gasped except Judroa and the four knights. Running down the dead man's spinal 
cord was a centipede like creature. Nunar tore the creature from the back 
leaving a trail of oozing holes down the spine.

	"I believe that this is what was controlling them," he stated flatly. 
Shoytal ripped another uniform off a corpse only to find a second of the 
centipede creatures.

	"This changes things," observed Judroa. He turned to the men behind him. 
"Send word out to the rest of the fleet. All soldiers are to have routine 
examinations starting now, and these examinations will also be held after every 
ground assault." Several men saluted and ran back down to hall to send out the 
Admiral's orders.

	Judroa looked back at Shoytal. "The danger level has just risen 
significantly, Captain. I want you and your men to guard the Princess around the 
clock. These things will most likely attempt to assassinate her."

	Shoytal nodded and gave the older Juraian a serious grin. "I was just 
thinking the exact same thing, sir."

_____ 

	Somewhere deep in space, Washu's gem ship moved silently among the stars. 
In the center of the bridge sat Washu herself in a floating chair. The genius 
simply sat there with her eyes closed deep in thought. A view screen appeared in 
the air, and she opened her eyes. A star chart of the area streamed across the 
screen. "They sure have hidden themselves well," said Washu. "Of course, they 
could never really hide from me." She smiled and crossed her arms under her 
chest.
	
	Washu had been making subspace jumps all over the galaxy for a little over 
a week in search of her goal. A grid appeared over the chart, and a small group 
of squares began to blink. "Got ya," cried Washu triumphantly.

	The gem ship made a sharp turn and increased its speed. Minutes later a 
green planet came into view. Washu's ship didn't slow at all as it entered the 
atmosphere. The holo laptop appeared, and Washu began to scan the planet. She 
smiled at the data. "They've gotten better over the years." Coordinates for an 
area in the southern hemisphere of the planet began flashing on the screen. "But 
still not good enough."

	Washu's ship sped through the skies until it came to an open plain spread 
out before some small green foothills. She landed the ship easily on the green 
grass of the plain. The ship touched down without a sound, and Washu teleported 
outside. She placed a hand on each hip and scanned the countryside. The 
scientist walked a small distance away from her ship. She stopped and cleared 
her throat. "Okay," said Washu in a calm tone. "No use keeping up the illusion. 
Drop the cloak."

	Silence was her answer. Washu raised an eyebrow. "Don't make me lower the 
cloak myself," she warned. Another minute passed. Finally, the countryside 
shimmered, and a sprawling city appeared out of thin air. 

	Silver towers, buildings, and domes were connected by intricate road 
systems. The skies were teaming with what looked like smaller versions of 
Washu's ship. In the center of the city was a massive temple similar to the one 
on the abandoned planet Washu had been on several weeks before. Washu looked 
ahead to see a group of armed men walking towards her. Each was dressed in 
silver combat armor and holding plasma rifles. Each one had a pair of feline 
eyes and a mop of spiky hair that varied in colors. When the group reached 
Washu, a blond haired blue eyed man stepped forward with his gun trained on her.

	"I am Droan Jakin," he stated. "What is your business here?"

	Washu flashed him a smile and kept her left eyebrow raised. "Now now, my 
dear boy. Don't you know who I am?" She took several steps towards him keeping 
her green eyes locked with his blue ones.

	With every step she took, his eyes widened in shock. When Washu was no 
more than three feet in front of Droan, a gasp escaped from his lips. "L...Lady 
Washu!" he breathed.
	
	The blond man lowered his gun and dropped to one knee. The other troops 
gasped and followed their leader's example. "Forgive me, my Lady Washu. I did 
not recognize you."

	She patted the top of his spiky blond hair as she walked past. "Don't 
worry about it," she assured him. "You're young." She stopped and looked at the 
men bowed around her. "Although this does my ego good, we don't have time for 
it. Take me to Tristu, now. I have to speak with him."

	Droan and his men were up in a heartbeat. He shouldered his weapon and 
nodded to Washu. "It would be my honor to escort you to the Great Temple, Lady 
Washu." He made several gestures, and they all started for the city.

	They were greeted at the edge of the city by a small gem craft. An opening 
appeared, and Droan and Washu entered. The craft delivered its passengers to the 
Temple in seconds. They disembarked on a stone landing before a large set of 
steps leading up to the Temple proper. Washu exited the craft first and started 
up the steps without waiting for Droan. Red robed people made no attempt to hide 
their awe as Washu ascended the stairs. At the top of the stairs was a circle of 
pillars with a white marble statue of none other than Washu in the center. The 
red head stopped before the statue and gave it a once over. She smiled 
crookedly. "The breasts on this thing are big, even for me," she commented.

	Her smile broadened as Droan coughed and turned a shade of red that would 
do Tenchi justice. The large golden doors beyond the statue opened. Washu walked 
past the statue to greet the old man who had emerged from the doors. He was 
wearing a long white robe trimmed in red. He leaned on a simple wooden walking 
staff as he shuffled towards her. His head was completely bald, and his skin was 
wrinkled all the way down to his long white beard, but his bright green eyes 
were filled with life. 

	"Tristu, you old pervert!" called Washu with a smile. "Did you build that 
statue of me?"

	The old man, Tristu, gave her a fangy grin. "Of course I did, you old 
goddess. I needed something to fuel my fantasies at night." He stopped in front 
of her, and they embraced. "It is good to see you, my Lady," he whispered.

	She moved back a step from the old man. Her smile had become warmer. "I'm 
glad to see you as well, my old friend." Washu sighed. "I just wish this was 
happening under better circumstances."

	Tristu put his arm around her shoulders and steered her towards the 
Temple. "Tokimi," he said simply. Washu nodded. They were now walking to the 
Temple. "Then you have all your memories back?"

	"Pretty much," answered Washu. "There are still a few fuzzy periods, but I 
remember all the important stuff." There was no longer any sign of the previous 
mirth they had been sharing.

	The two of them entered the Temple. The main chamber was very similar to 
the one in the ruined temple except that it was in perfect condition. They 
entered a small sitting room at the back of the chamber. Washu seated herself on 
a pile of colored pillows, and Tristu eased himself into a polished rocking 
chair. 

	Tristu laid his staff across his lap and gestured to Washu's forehead. 
"Your crest is gone."

	Washu nodded. "My powers still reside in the gems, as we planned so long 
ago."

	He nodded. "And where are the gems then?"

	"With my daughter, and Tsunami's champion," she replied.

	"Aahh," said Tristu. "So the Will is in full force then, huh?" He folded 
his arms and began rocking back and forth. "I suppose that enormous surge of 
power a few weeks ago was from him?"

	"And Tokimi's champion," added Washu.

	Tristu chuckled. "With that much Light Hawk Power being thrown around, 
those two could have incinerated this entire dimension." He continued to rock 
the chair. "So, I take it that the reports of the war are true then." Washu 
could tell that he wasn't questioning her.

	"Tokimi has chosen to do this through blood shed," said Washu sadly.

	"You know what the Will commands," he reminded her.

	Washu jumped to her feet. "Damn the Will!" she shouted. "This was not how 
it was supposed to happen! I wouldn't have gone through with any of this if I 
had known Tokimi would do this." Washu waited for the old man to say something. 
She continued when he did not. "I know I can't stop what is going to happen. I 
sealed my own fate on that fateful day. But I will be damned if this whole 
dimension will suffer as a consequence."

	"So you are siding with Tsunami in defending the freedom of this 
dimension," said Tristu finally. Washu met his eyes with her own. Her gaze 
expressed clearly what she wanted to say. "I will send out word for the fleet to 
mobilize, then."

	"Thank you, Tristu." He smiled warmly and nodded. They both knew how hard 
it was for Washu to utter those two words. 

	He rose from his chair as Washu started for the door. "Will you be staying 
here long?" he asked. "Things are just not as exciting without you around. Do 
you have any idea how boring the last twenty thousand years have been?" He 
elbowed her lightly in the side.

	She laughed as they headed for the exit. "I would love to stay and be with 
you all. After all, you are my people. I can't, though," she said with a sigh. 
"I have to go to Tokimi. I'm going to try and talk to her one last time. Either 
way, I have to go there."

	They were outside of the Temple now. "Hmmm," was all the old man said. 
When they finally reached Washu's ship he spoke again. "May I ask you something, 
Washu?"

	"Sure," she said without looking at him.

	"Did you find the answer?"

	She stopped and gazed at the horizon. The wind was the only sound in their 
ears. Washu let her mind wander over the past several thousand millennia. Images 
flickered in her mind's eye. In the end she saw only images of her family. The 
tall red head walked under her gem ship, stopped, and turned to face Tristu. 

	"Yes, my old friend," she replied. "I did." She gave him a once over one 
last time. "You know, you really didn't age well, old man."

	"And your breasts are sagging, you egocentric goddess," he countered.

	Washu was surrounded in an orange glow. "Perhaps next time we meet, I'll 
be able to tell you some of things I've seen," she told him. 

	Tristu straightened and gave her a formal bow filled with the deepest 
respect and love. "I look forward to that day, my Lady Washu."

	Washu allowed a single tear to trickle down her right cheek before she 
teleported back to the bridge of her ship. Washu mentally willed her ship to 
life. The gem ship moved silently into the air and through the planet's 
atmosphere back into cold space. Washu leaned back in her chair and frowned. 
"I'm coming to you at last, Tokimi."

To be continued...

Notes- Things are getting mysterious now, huh? Please send all comments to 
Roas1@hotmail.com. Thanks.  	

	 
