Disclaimer
Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are the property of
Pioneer and AIC. This story and the character C32411 however, is mine.  
Please don't sue me, because I'm just writing this for fun.

Special thanks go to my proofreader Literary Eagle, without you this fic 
newer would have happen ;)
And not to forget my Grammar corrector Kuuta Kutani thanks to you to.

Well its story time
Will of things PROLOGUE
By Tom "TRON" Jensen (tron_dk@hotmail.com)



PROLOGUE

tap, tap, tap, tap

It was the sound of his finger tapping against the titanium barrel of his
plasma rifle. He noticed what he was doing and stopped himself.


Where was "the subject" at? He had been here for 3 hours.
But, then again, what were 3 hours against the 6 months it had taken him to
find "the subject?"
First, he had gone to Jurai, and tried to process the subject there, but
it turned out that the subject wasn't there at all.
Then he had had all the work trying to find out where the subject had gone 
to.
And THEN get all the way out here to this dull rock called Earth.
Well, it didn't matter. In a few hours this would be over with, and he could
get back to the station.
The link had promised him a new upgrade, and a new ship to go with it.

The subject was his way to--

<CCI> The subject is not in target range

It was his cybernetic computer implant (CCI)
'I didn't ask you,' he thought.

<CCI> Command not understood ! ????.

Never mind.....

<CCI> Command not understood ! ?????.

That CCI is so dumb, what did they program that that thing after? A toaster?

<CCI> Target entering Range.

WView on.
<CCI> WView on

Instantly his surroundings changed, and everything became a red wire frame
drawing.
In this mode he used his cybernetic sensors and the external sensors he had
placed around the city.

He looked for the target, who would show up painted in blue.
The subject was not in view, yet still coming closer
to him, back behind some buildings.
The wire frame view allowed him to see through the buildings.

Show target route.
<CCI> Route calculated.

A yellow path showed that the subject was coming into view, behind a
building 500 meters away.  He moved into position and raised his rifle.

Almost there... Almost there...
The target moved closer and closer into view.

WView off.
<CCI> WView off.

Then the subject came into view.
A cyan haired female was walking right beside her and was in the way of his
clear shot.  He marked her as Target 2. The CCI immediately identified her
as Ryoko, space pirate, and placed a yellow bracket around her.

'Damn,' C32411 thought, 'she is a non-valid target.'

Which meant that the link didn't want her to get processed, unless there was 
no other way to fulfill the mission.
'Damn,' he thought as he zoomed in on the subject.
'Get out of the way!'

Normally he wouldn't think twice about shooting through something or 
somebody,
but the link apparently had some reason to not want her to get processed.

He waited for what seemed to be minutes. Every step the subject took seemed 
to
take forever.
Then Target 2 turned around and started to wave at some black haired male.
C32411 marked him as Target 3. The CCI didn't know who he was, and he was
marked with green brackets.
Which meant that he was a valid target.

The subject was in clear view.
C32411 zoomed in.
He placed the crosshair on the subject.

His finger began to press the trigger of the riffle.
He could see her face clearly now, through the rifle's optics, the subject
had blue hair, and red eyes, and a small green thing of some sort on her
forehead.

The face seemed familiar, but, how can that be...?
<CCI> memory error....
<CCI> memory error....
<CCI> memory error....
<CCI> memory error....

A sharp pain shot through him, as if his brain had gone amuck, and was 
pressing
to get out of his head.

'Must process the subject..  must..'
He stuttered.
Everything was getting dark...
C32411 pressed the trigger.



-----------
