Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses


"The Past Approaches"


	The Galaxy Police cruiser Yagami came out of hyperspace near the core 
systems of the galaxy. The cluster of star systems was so bright, that Kiyone 
was forced to darken the windows of the Yagami's bridge so that her occupants 
could see.

	"Woooww!" breathed Sasami. "I've never been this close to the Core before. 
It's amazing." Her pink eyes were wide with awed joy.

	"With all of these systems so close together, it is just like one gigantic 
star," explained Washu in her professor's voice. Her laptop popped into 
existence, and she began typing. "Our target is just one sector over, Kiyone." 
She looked up at the GP with her feline, green eyes. "Let's get going."

	Kiyone smiled back at Washu. "You got it, Washu." She hit pushed the 
excelerator, and they were off at Yagami's top sublight engine's speed. Kiyone 
could not help but feel excited about where they were going. There was something 
about Washu's need to see this place that had infected her as well. 

	Sasami was as excited as always. There seemed to be nothing that did not 
interest the little blue haired princess. She was riveted to the window as they 
soared through the stars. Kiyone ran a sensor sweep of the area to make sure 
there were not any other ships around. They were inside occupied Jurai space 
now, and there as a very good chance that the enemy would be waiting here for 
them. Washu had installed the strongest sensor jammers on the ship short of 
cloaking the Yagami. The sweep ended giving no sign of enemy activity. 

	"We've got a clear path ahead," announced Kiyone.

	The Yagami continued down its programmed path to the mystery planet. It 
was another twenty minutes before they could get a visual. A view screen 
appeared with a green sphere in the center with four moons orbiting it. Washu 
was diligently tapping away at her laptop. "I'm feeding the Yagami directions to 
the ruins on the planet."

	Kiyone watched the nav computer accept Washu's upload. It bleeped 
confirmation of the coordinates and started to descend. "Strap in for 
atmospheric entry," said Kiyone.

	Everyone buckled up and sat back while the Yagami descended onto the green 
planet. The entry was relatively smooth, and the cruiser was passing through 
white clouds after only a few more seconds. The landscape was dense jungle for 
miles in all directions. Jungle covered mountains rose into the sky from a 
distance. Sasami was ooing and ahhing at the scene in the window. "It's so 
beautiful."

	Kiyone smiled at the little princess. She turned to look at Washu. The 
scientist was also looking out the window, but her expression was far from 
Sasami's one of joy. She was gazing out with a look of utter loss. Gone was the 
cackling, perverted, little scientist that everyone was used to. In her place 
was someone who seemed lost in a world beyond anyone else's reach. Her eyes were 
glazed over, and her mouth was just hanging open. The holo laptop hovered 
forgotten beside her. 

	The teal haired GP just watched Washu while Yagami took them to the 
preprogrammed coordinates. It was only moments before the computer began to 
alert the trio on the bridge to a structure rising up from the dense growth. 
Kiyone took over the controls and started looking for a place to set down. 
Seeing no place that would support the weight of the Yagami, Kiyone switched 
over to hovering retroes. 

	She unbuckled her belts and got up. "Okay, let's go check this place out." 
She grabbed her red jacket and threw it over her white shirt. Kiyone primed her 
blaster and tucked into her belt. 

	Sasami was already out the bridge door and heading for the transporters. 
Azaka and Kamidake, who had been standing guard outside the bridge, flew after 
her calling for the princess to slow down and wait for them. Kiyone began to 
follow, when she realized that Washu had not moved from the window, yet. The 
twenty thousand year old woman in the body of a twelve year old was just staring 
at the ruins below the hovering ship. 

	"Washu?" said Kiyone. "Are you coming?"

	Washu reacted as if she had just been slapped. She jumped and looked 
around the bridge. "Wh...what?" she stammered. She wiped a hand across her face 
and looked at Kiyone. "O...of course, Kiyone. Let's get this over with." She 
turned and walked past the GP. 

	Kiyone gave the disappearing genius a weird look. "What's going on that 
you're not telling us, huh Washu?"

_____

	There was a flash of red light, and the five figures were standing at the 
edge of the mysterious ruins. Azaka and Kamidake followed Sasami as she began 
exploring. Kiyone had her blaster drawn, but she just held it at her side. 
Washu, however, was just standing still. She could not shake the familiar 
feelings that were running through her mind, body, and soul. There was something 
about this place that made her shiver. It took every bit of inner strength that 
the scientist had to make her legs take her forward. Washu's mind was screaming 
at her to turn around and get back on the Yagami. Her instincts, though, were 
what kept her going. Inside the ruined temple ahead were the answers she was 
looking for. "I'm sure of it," she whispered. 

	One step at time, Washu made her way towards the entrance to the temple. 
Kiyone, Sasami, and the Guardians fell into step behind her. The red head felt 
no need to look over the rest of the ruins. She knew exactly where to find what 
she wanted. The inner portion of the temple was dark. Several balls of orange 
energy flew from Washu's hand to bath the chamber in light. Boulders, broken 
pillars, and chunks of rock littered the floor. The walls, however, were intact 
and sporting an intricate set of hieroglyphics that went all the way around the 
chamber. 

	Washu wordlessly walked to the corner of the right wall and began to trace 
her fingers over different glyphs. To the others, it was as if the small 
scientist was tracing some sort of design. For Washu, however, her mind was on 
automatic. Several times in her life before, Washu could remember her mind just 
working by itself. One of those times had been when she created Ryoko. As she 
had back then, Washu was now simply working. The red headed genius moved along 
the walls tracing glyph after glyph. Each glyph that was touched lit up adding 
to the light of the room. 

	The other four members of the group just watched in a silent awe as Washu 
glided along the walls. She continued to do this until she arrived at the exact 
opposite of where the process had started. Washu found herself staring at a 
hieroglyphic representation of what could only be described as herself. The 
greatest scientific genius in the universe raised a shaking hand towards the 
glyph of herself. Acting before she could stop her hand, Washu touched her 
glyph.

	Everyone turned around as the center of the chamber exploded. Azaka and 
Kamidake raised a shield around Sasami and Kiyone to protect them from flying 
chunks of stone. Pieces of rock bounced off of Washu's own shield as she walked 
towards the center of the chamber. When the dust cleared, there was a dais with 
four crystal spheres floating around it. Washu slowly stepped onto the dais and 
turned to face the others.

	She raised her hands into the air. "Karsima sitch quivrak!" The words made 
no sense to her, but Washu spoke them anyway. White light exploded all around 
her body. Washu cried out in pain. Her body was unharmed, but she could feel her 
brain being set on fire. 

	Through clenched eyes Washu saw Kiyone moved towards her. "No!" she 
shouted. "Leave...me...alone! I...have...to...do...this!" The light flared 
again, and all levels of Washu's mind began to change.

_____

	Sasami covered her eyes as the white light surrounding Washu flared again. 
Washu was screaming, but every time Kiyone moved to help she told the other 
woman to stay back. The young princess turned and started walking away from the 
scene before her. It was too uncomfortable to watch Washu in such pain. Sasami, 
flanked by the Guardians, exited the ruined temple. She was so wrapped up in her 
thoughts, that princess cried out when she bumped into the figure standing in 
her path. 

	She stumbled back several paces and raised her head to see whom she had 
bumped into. Her prepared apology was swallowed when she saw who was standing 
there. Eyes wide with fear, Sasami began backing away.

	"Hello there, Princess Sasami," greeted Ziasha Corodune. "Or would you 
rather I called you Tsunami?" He chuckled lightly and started towards her. "Are 
Lady Washu and the teal haired GP inside the temple?" he asked with a gesture.

	Azaka and Kamidake moved themselves between Sasami and the dark warrior. 
Ziasha merely waved his hand, and the two Guardians were swept aside by an 
invisible force. "Surely you did not think that those two logs would stand in my 
way? Did you, Princess?" 

	"Go away!" shouted Sasami. "Leave me alone!" He continued to come towards 
her. "Why are you doing this?"

	"Her Majesty desires you," was all he said. "Don't make me hurt her, 
Tsunami. Tell the little bitch to come quietly, or else." The dark man reached 
out and grasped Sasami by the neck. 

	The young princess cried out and started to hit him on the arm, but to no 
avail. Sasami saw his eyes look past her for a second. A bolt of yellow energy 
was screaming at his head. Ziasha did not even twitch and the bolt fizzled away. 
Kiyone carefully walked out with her blaster leveled at him.

	"Put her down, now, scum!" she ordered. "I've got no problem slagging your 
ass!"

	Ziasha shrugged. Sasami cried out as dark energy coursed all over her 
body. The dark man tossed her aside like she was nothing. The blue haired 
princess landed on the ground with a thud. She tried to get up to help Kiyone, 
but darkness washed over her without pause.

_____

	Ziasha lowered his hands to his sides and looked the teal haired woman up 
and down. He had to admit that she was quite attractive. It really was too bad 
that she had decided to get in his way. She fired her blaster again. Ziasha's 
black Light Hawk Wings appeared to absorb the shots. He grasped one Wing and 
transformed it into a long, black whip. Ziasha flicked his right wrist, and the 
whip's tip slapped the blaster from the woman's hand.

	She obviously held back her cry of surprise and sprung into action. A 
plasma knife appeared in her left hand and flew at his head. Ziasha reached up 
and caught the white blade with his left hand. He squeezed and the weapon 
exploded. The Champion of Tokimi twitched his right wrist, and the whip flew at 
the GP again. This time it wrapped itself around her neck. The teal haired woman 
cried out this time as Ziasha pulled her to him. 

	Even in the grip of the power of his Wings, she continued to struggle. 
Ziasha willed the whip to vanish and replaced it with his right hand. The GP 
threw her head back and spit in his face. Ziasha wiped the spittle away with his 
left hand and smiled evilly. "My, you are a feisty one." He lifted her off the 
ground with ease. "After I finish with my Lady's sisters, I believe I will keep 
you for myself." The laughter that erupted from his throat stopped suddenly as a 
large shadow covered the area around him. 

	Ziasha looked up and cursed. He dropped the GP and summoned his Wings. A 
silver hulled Juraian battle ship had materialized above the temple. The five 
black Wings moved over Tokimi's Champion encasing him in his dark Light Hawk 
Armor. Ziasha's senses flared, and he turned to his right to see a tall, blue 
haired woman standing several feet away. She was wearing long, white ceremonial 
Juraian robes. Her eyes were a light pink, and there were two green circle runes 
on her forehead. 

	Two black bladed Light Hawk Swords formed in Ziasha's hands. "Tsunami!" he 
hissed.

	Tsunami's face remained serene. She gazed back at Ziasha calmly. "What 
will *you* do, now, Ziasha Corodune?" she asked him sweetly. 

	Ziasha's gaze shifted to the battle ship above him. He felt the power 
around him increase as Tsunami's ten Light Hawk Wings unfolded. He looked back 
at the goddess herself and snarled. A smaller version of the ship's Wings 
appeared in front of her. He crossed his swords and took a defensive posture. 

	"You will not win here, Ziasha," she told him firmly. "Tokimi knows that 
this is supposed to happen. It is our Will that has caused these events to 
unfold." The ten Wings shimmered. "Your power is very great, Ziasha Corodune, 
and it is growing with each passing moment. However, do you think that your 
power is able to stand against mine, yet?" She raised an eyebrow at him.

	"You are breaking the rules, Tsunami," he accused. "You cannot interfere."

	"I will only break the rules if you do," she countered. "Champion of 
Tokimi, for yourself to interfere with what is happening at this temple would be 
shattering the rules first. Tokimi knows this. You will return to my sister and 
tell her what you have seen here. I believe this encounter alone is the sole 
reason why you were sent here in the first place." Her Wings disappeared. "You 
may go."

	Ziasha lowered his swords and banished his own Wings. He levitated into 
the air. "Know that Washu and the princess will be mine, Tsunami. The Will 
commands it, and you know that." He teleported back to his ship, set the 
coordinates for his Lady's Temple, and went into hyperspace. 

	"The game has only just begun, Tsunami," he whispered to himself.

_____

	Kiyone watched the entire scene from her spot on the ground. Half of what 
she had heard made no sense at all. Who was this Tokimi person? And what was all 
that crap about "Will" and breaking rules? Kiyone looked around and saw Sasami 
lying behind the image of Tsunami. The GP got to her feet and ran to the 
princess. She picked Sasami up and held her. "Will she be all right?" she asked 
Tsunami.

	Tsunami nodded and smiled. "She will be just fine, Detective Kiyone. I 
wish I could stay longer, but for Sasami to recover, I must leave." Tsunami 
started to fade away. "Be careful. The true battle has yet to begin." She was 
gone.

	Kiyone looked up and saw that the battle ship was gone as well. There was 
a pair of groans as Azaka and Kamidake lifted themselves up from a pile of 
rubble and floated over.

	"We are very sorry, Miss Kiyone," said Azaka.

	"We were unable to protect Princess Sasami," added Kamidake.

	"Don't worry about it, guys," she told. "I didn't do so well against the 
bastard either." He kicked her ass again, to put it bluntly. The guy's power was 
just too much for her to handle. Kiyone started wondering if her bad luck was 
not just related to Mihoshi, after all. Maybe her ditz of a partner just helped 
it manifest sooner.

	Kiyone was brought out of her inner dialogue when she remembered Washu 
back inside of the temple. Carrying a still unconscious Sasami in her arms, 
Kiyone ran back into the temple. She came to a skidding halt when she saw Washu 
in the center of the chamber. Washu in her adult form stood on the center of the 
dais. Her eyes were closed and her arms were folded across her now very ample 
chest. Washu opened her green eyes and looked at Kiyone.

	"Don't worry, Kiyone," she said in a soothing voice. "I'm just fine."

	"W...Washu?" stuttered Kiyone. "What happened to your body? Why aren't you 
using your other form?"

	Washu stepped down from the dais and walked over to her. "I was just using 
that body to shield myself from reality," said Washu. "Things have changed, and 
I had to change with them." Kiyone was about to tell Washu what had transpired 
outside, but the red head stopped her. "I already know what happened." Her eyes 
softened as she looked at Sasami. 

	The scientist looked away from the princess and started walking out of the 
temple. "We're done here, Kiyone. Let's get back on the Yagami and get out of 
here."

	Kiyone followed Washu outside. She handed Sasami to the Guardians, who 
levitated her between them. "Washu! Wait!" called Kiyone. She ran up to the now 
taller scientist and stopped her. "What's going on? Where are we going, now?" 
Kiyone balled both her hands into fists. "Dammit, Washu! I'm sick and tired of 
being in the dark!" 

	Washu turned her head and gave Kiyone one of her customary grins. "Let me 
just say that things are a lot clearer now, Kiyone. As far as where we are going 
next, we are taking Sasami to her sister."

	Kiyone's eyes widened. "You know where Ayeka is?" Washu nodded. 

	"Now hurry up and beam us back up to Yagami," said the scientist. "We have 
to get to Ayeka immediately. The shit is really about to hit the fan."

_____

	Tenchi watched dumbfounded as Ryoko vanished before his eyes. What was 
going on? One second he could clearly feel utter happiness coming from Ryoko, 
and then she was scared out of her mind. How could he possibly be able to do 
that? Since when could he feel someone else's emotions? Tenchi groaned as he got 
up and sat on the edge of the bed he was on. He was definitely in some sort of 
medical facility. The room seemed to lurch, and Tenchi noticed the now familiar 
feeling of hyperspace travel. 

	He carefully got off the regeneration bed. His legs were a little shaky, 
but they seemed to be able to hold his weight. There was a slight throbbing in 
his head, but it was not enough to keep him down. Tenchi slowly made his way to 
the door. With a tap of a button, the door slid open to reveal a hallway. Tenchi 
stepped out into the hall only to find Ukarit leaning up against the wall near 
the door. 

	The pink skinned gangster looked up and smiled at him. "Hmm. According to 
Somar, you were a lost cause, kid." He looked Tenchi up and down. "Remind me to 
ask Ryoko if I can bottle whatever she used to heal you."

	"Where am I, Ukarit?" asked Tenchi warily. "Where's Ryoko?"

	Ukarit fished a small coin out of his vest pocket and started to roll it 
along his fingers. "You, my friend, are on my ship, the Loaded Dice. Me and my 
boys came down and picked you and Ryoko up after she finished pounding that 
demon into the floor." Tenchi gasped when he heard the fate of the demon. "As 
for where Ryoko is, according to the Twins, she is on Ryo-ohki who is flying 
along side us."

	"Why help us?" said Tenchi. "We had no deal."

	Ukarit shrugged. "The building that those creatures trashed was mine, and 
all those people they killed were my employees." The pink man leveled a serious 
stare at Tenchi. "Let's just say its personal, now. I'll still expect some 
compensation later, but it'll only be token."

	Tenchi felt sick inside. "So, it killed all those people anyway." Ukarit 
nodded.

	"And the media is blaming it all on Ryoko's gang," he told Tenchi. "You 
two are now also terrorists as well as pirates."

	"That's just great," muttered Tenchi. He looked up to the ceiling of the 
hall and sighed. "Why me?"

	Ukarit stood up straight and put a hand on Tenchi's shoulder. "Come with 
me, Tenchi. The Dice is a fully equipped ship. She's got all the comforts of 
home and a few extra things just in case home is a really nice place." He smiled 
and started to lead Tenchi down the hall. 

	Tenchi was lead down the hall and up one deck to a fairly nice room. There 
was a red cushioned couch, a black sheeted bed, a small table for dining, and a 
bathroom in the back of the room. "This will be your room until we reach my 
place. Feel free to freshen up in the bathroom and enjoy some of the food in the 
mini fridge. There are some clean clothes that should fit you in the closet." He 
patted Tenchi hard on the back, knocking the prince into the room.

	Ukarit turned to go, but stopped and looked back at Tenchi. "Will Ryoko be 
staying in here, or will she require a room of her own?"

	Face red as a tomato, Tenchi stammered back a reply. "Uh...um...she'll 
need...uh...a room of her...um...own."

	Ukarit smiled slyly. "Fine. Just tell her when she decides to come by that 
her room is two doors down the hall." The pink man left the doorway. "I'll check 
up on you in a few hours. It'll be a day or so before we get to my place, so 
just relax," came his voice from the hall. 

	The door shut, and Tenchi walked over to the couch and sat down. He 
suddenly realized that Tenchi-ken was in his right hand. He placed the sword 
down on the table. He unbuckled his holster and placed his blaster with power 
packs along side the sword. Tenchi twisted the ring on his right hand, and his 
Juraian battle suit disappeared. He took off the black jacket Ryoko had bought 
him and laid it across the arm of the couch. He then kicked off his shoes and 
laid back on the couch in just his black T-shirt and blue jeans.

	Tenchi closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He tried to remember the 
closing moments of the battle in the lobby. It was very hard to remember 
anything after being stabbed in the thigh. All he could recall was the burning 
sensation all over his body and the inability to take a decent breath of air. 
The prince guessed that Ryoko must have gotten to the demon before it could 
finish him off. According to Ukarit, she had pounded the thing into the floor of 
the lobby. 

	"She saved me," said Tenchi to the ceiling. "Then she somehow saved me 
again from the poison." As he thought about that, Tenchi also pondered why Ryoko 
had just run off as soon as he woke up.

	That was when he remembered feeling her emotions. Tenchi summoned his 
inner calm and focused inwardly. It took a moment, but he easily located a 
feeling at the edge of his consciousness. There was no doubt it was Ryoko. He 
was not sure how or why, but Tenchi just knew that the feeling was Ryoko. Only 
instead of sensing her, there seemed to be some sort of invisible wall in place. 
Suddenly, the feeling was stronger. Tenchi opened his eyes, sat up, and looked 
towards the door. 

	The air shimmered, and Ryoko phased through the door. She was wearing her 
blue and gold dress, and Tenchi also noticed his present on her right wrist. She 
had on her "I'm sorry" face. Her eyes were downcast and her hands were clasped 
in front of her. 

	"Tenchi," she said in a quiet voice. "I've come to apologize. I didn't 
mean for it to happen, really. It was an accident. I promise that as soon as we 
find Washu, I'll get her to reverse it or something." She still had not raised 
her head to look at him.

	While Ryoko spoke, Tenchi was inwardly cursing himself. She had come here 
automatically expecting him to yell at her for one thing or another. She had 
saved him, and all she was expecting as a thank you was a rebuking for something 
she did by accident. Tenchi swore that he was going to change that right now. 

	"Ryoko," he started. Her head darted up. "There is no need to apologize 
for anything. You saved me from that demon, and I'm the one who should apologize 
for not thanking you as soon as I woke up. Secondly, what did you do by 
accident?"

	Tenchi felt that invisible wall shudder, but it remained. A worried look 
crossed her face. "When I was getting the poison out of your body, the gem on my 
wrist accidentally created a link between the two of us." Tenchi was shocked. 
Ryoko took several steps towards him, but stopped suddenly. "It's not like the 
one I have with Washu and Ryo-ohki, though. We can't really read each other's 
thoughts." She started to bite her lower lip. "It's empathic. We can feel each 
other's emotions."

	Ryoko closed her eyes and shrank back. She still thought he was going to 
yell at her. Tenchi shook his head at himself and rose from the couch. He slowly 
walked over to her and rested his hands on her shoulders. The cyan haired 
demoness raised her head and looked at him with total embarrassment. "It's okay, 
Ryoko. I'm not angry." He was not angry. He was just a little shocked. "If you 
really can read my emotions, then you know I'm telling the truth."

	Her golden eyes brightened a little. "You mean it?" He nodded and smiled. 
She hooted with joy and threw her arms around his neck. Panic rushed through 
Tenchi, and Ryoko suddenly let go and backed away. 

	"I'm...I'm sorry," she said quickly. "I didn't mean to..." Several 
different expressions crossed her face. "Tenchi," she said finally. "I promise 
that I'll keep a barrier over my own emotions, so that they don't bother you. I 
also promise not to read your emotions without permission. I've got some 
experience with blocking out thoughts from having a link with Ryo-ohki."

	Tenchi tried to get a word in between Ryoko's needless promises, but he 
was unsuccessful. When she stopped he decided that a nod would be the best way 
to assure her that everything was all right. She looked around the room once and 
back at him. "Did Ukarit say where my room was?"

	Tenchi was surprised that Ryoko had not tried to make his room her's as 
well. "He said it was two doors down the hall." She gave him a tired smile and 
started to float backwards.

	"I'll be in there resting, then," she told him. "Don't be alarmed if you 
hear a thump at your door. Ryo-ohki's exploring the ship, and she'll probably 
make it up here within the next half an hour."

	Before Tenchi could say anything else, Ryoko phased back through his door. 
The Juraian prince just stood there staring at where Ryoko had just been 
hovering. Tenchi shook his head and started for the bathroom. "Why does 
everything always have to be so confusing?"

_____

	The Dark Heart finally arrived at Tokimi's Temple after several hours. 
Ziasha teleported from the bridge to the center of the Temple. He dropped to one 
knee and bowed his head. "I have returned, your Majesty."

	The ceiling of the massive chamber was replaced by a blanket of stars. 
Tokimi appeared and smiled down at her Champion. "Do not worry, my dear Ziasha. 
You have not failed me."

	He looked up at his mistress. "But I failed to bring back the goddess 
child or Lady Washu."

	Tokimi's smile never left her face. "As my sister said, that was not the 
true reason I sent you to those ruins. I was just curious to see how far Tsunami 
would go to stretch the rules, so to speak." He looked at her questioningly. "Do 
not worry about capturing my sisters for now, Ziasha."  

	Her smile was gone replaced by a stern look. "Washu has started to regain 
her memories. All of Tsunami's actions have been predictable, but my elder 
sister was always the most clever of us all. Yes, I do admit that. After all, it 
was her idea that started this all in the first place." Tokimi chuckled lightly. 
"Washu will eventually seek me out herself. After that, Tsunami will all but 
fall into your hands."

	"What do you wish me to do now, Lady Tokimi?" asked the dark warrior.

	"Return to Jurai, Ziasha," she ordered. "You must gather our forces. The 
Juraian Princess will soon begin her attacks to reclaim her Empire. As soon as 
the new fleet is ready, mobilize it and destroy the remaining Juraians." She was 
quiet for a moment before speaking again. "One last thing, Ziasha."

	"Yes, my Lady?"

	"Do not let your hatred for Tsunami's Knight cloud your judgement," warned 
the goddess. "Cease your hunt for him and the Daughter of Washu. Once we have 
Tsunami and Washu, they will come to you." Her smile returned. "Then you will 
have your chance to face them."

	Ziasha smiled at the goddess. "I hear and obey, Lady Tokimi." 

	"You are dismissed," she told him and vanished returning the chamber to 
normal. Ziasha rose and teleported back to the Dark Heart. The ship's engines 
fired, and the dark warrior began his journey back to Jurai.


To be continued...

Notes- I think the only aspect of this chapter that may need addressing is the 
way that some of the cast may be going OOC from original standpoints. All I have 
to say is, tough. The main cast will always retain their original personalities 
to an extent, but time is always moving and this is how I see them changing 
and/or maturing. I have made some of these observations all based on my 
interactions from watching the anime and reading other fics. And remember that 
this is just my POV on what might happen, so if you don't agree just stop 
reading. If you don't really care and are enjoying the story, then great. Any 
comments please send to Roas1@hotmail.com.
													
									
