Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses

"Prologue"


	Somewhere in the vastness of space floated an immense temple. The giant 
structure was a compilation of pillars, domes, towers, and walls. To look at it 
was to look at architecture that was beyond the comprehension of mortal beings.  
Inside the temple, halls wound themselves in all directions, but they would all 
end up at the same place. The center of this ancient place was a collection of 
floating platforms encircled by columns. The chamber was lit, but not by 
conventional means. The very center of the chamber was a black pit with no 
discernable bottom. Above this pit floated a giant, red oval shaped crystal. The 
minutes passed with no sound daring to make itself known. Finally, the bearded 
image of the demi-god D3 appeared. The teardrop crystal in his forehead winked 
in the supernatural light.

	"I await your command, my Lady," said D3 to the empty space around him.

	The chamber shimmered with power, but there was no visible change to the 
surroundings. "It is time, D3," ordered a distinctly feminine voice. "All the 
pieces are in place. You know what is required. Bring me the one I have chosen. 
Once that is done, proceed with the rest of my plans."

	The ethereal head of D3 nodded. "I exist only to serve you, my Lady 
Tokimi." The bearded visage disappeared along with the red crystal. Soon, the 
laughter of a woman could be heard throughout the halls of the temple. 
