Disclaimer- All original characters and previous events in the world of Tenchi 
Muyo are not mine. They are the property of AIC and Pioneer. The following story 
and any new characters are mine and mine alone. This story has been written 
because I love this series and felt that if Pioneer is not going to be prompt 
with a 3rd OAV then I might as well throw my hat in the ring. This story is just 
for fun, and I hope that anyone who reads this enjoys it. The following events 
will take place in the OAV timeline and one year after MNE. Well that's all for 
my opening rant. I hope you enjoy the show.


Tenchi Muyo!- Will of the Goddesses


"A Reunion with Shadows"


	Kiyone scowled at the Juraian on her view screen. "It's been three hours!" 
she snapped. "How much longer are you going to make us sit up here?"

	"Listen, lady," said the Juraian soldier. "The only reason we have not 
blown your ship out of the sky is because we have orders to detain anyone who 
bears the names you've given. When the Princess returns, then we'll see about 
you docking." The screen fizzled and went blank.

	Kiyone growled in frustration and punched the arms of her chair. She 
turned her head to look at the person in the copilot's seat. "And why the hell 
didn't you say anything?" she asked Washu. The tall red head merely raised an 
eyebrow. "And what's with you? You've been acting weird for the past three 
days."

	Washu closed her eyes and folded her arms under her chest. "What would you 
have me do, Kiyone?" asked Washu calmly. "Disband the shield around that black 
hole? Throw some anti-matter mines around the base?" She opened her right eye 
and looked at the GP from the corner of it. "Sometimes we just have to be 
patient, Kiyone."

	The teal haired GP chuckled sarcastically. "You? Have patience?" She gave 
the scientist a quizzical look. "What really happened to you in that temple, 
Washu?"

	"As I said before, the times are changing, and we all have to change with 
them," replied Washu. Kiyone could barely pick up a sense of sorrow in Washu's 
voice.

	The Yagami's sensors started beeping wildly. Kiyone looked away from Washu 
and keyed up the sensor display. "There's a large group of ships coming out of 
hyperspace right behind us!" Kiyone punched some buttons. "Yagami's scanners 
estimate at least a hundred ships."

	Another view screen opened up to show the fleet coming out of hyperspace 
behind the red cruiser. At least a hundred Juraian battleships suddenly appeared 
in space. One of the larger tree ships continued forward and docked with the 
large star base. After a few minutes the COM unit's light began to flash. Kiyone 
pushed a button and the Juraian soldier from before appeared on the screen.

	"Yagami, you have permission to dock at Black Star Alpha." Kiyone turned 
off the screen without bothering to acknowledge the man and began to steer 
Yagami towards the base.

	She easily landed the red hulled cruiser inside the main docking bay of 
Black Star Alpha. The large tree ship was also docked there, and there was a 
substantial amount of people milling around it. Yagami shuddered as she was 
secured in the bay's docking tractor beams. Kiyone shut down the ship's systems 
and got out of her seat. Washu was already walking out of the door and for the 
loading ramp in the cargo bay. Kiyone followed the scientist. When they arrived 
in the cargo bay, Sasami and the Guardians were already waiting. Sasami was 
smiling from ear to ear.

	"Hurry up, you guys!" she called out. 

	The two women stopped at the young princess's side. Kiyone touched the 
yellow sphere on her wristband, and the loading ramp started lowering. When the 
ramp was completely down, the small group walked into the base's landing bay. 
Ayeka and others were waiting for them outside. Kiyone was slightly startled at 
the way Ayeka looked. Her long purple hair was now cut short and drawn back into 
a ponytail revealing the circlet around her head. The kimono she usually favored 
had been replaced by a white military uniform covered by a long, white trench 
coat with violet and gold trimmed lapels. The princess was smiling, but Kiyone 
could see something in her eyes that had not been there before.

	"Ayeka!" cried Sasami, who broke into a dead run for her sister.

	The little princess clamped her arms around her sister's waist. Ayeka 
hugged Sasami close. "Oh, Ayeka!" said Sasami with tears of happiness in her 
eyes. "I've missed you so much."

	Ayeka was stroking the back of Sasami's head. "I have missed you as well, 
Sasami. I am so glad that you are safe." Ayeka looked up at Kiyone and smiled. 
"Thank you for looking after her, Detective Kiyone."

	Kiyone straightened and raised her right hand to her head in salute. "It 
was nothing at all, Princess Ayeka."

	Ayeka nodded, and Kiyone lowered her hand. The princess turned her head 
and looked at Washu. Her dark pink eyes widened briefly before returning to 
normal. "I also wish to thank you as well, Little Washu."

	Washu smiled, but shook her head. "Just Washu, Ayeka, and no problem. It 
was the least this genius could do for the leader of the Juraian Liberation 
Force." Washu shifted her gaze to one of the men flanking Ayeka. "I am glad to 
see you are well too, Lord Yosho."

	Kiyone looked at the young man standing next to Ayeka and gasped. He was 
younger, but the eyes were the same as was the air of confidence. "Lord 
Katsuhito?"

	He smiled and bowed his head. "It is nice to see you, Kiyone and Washu. It 
pleases me that you and Sasami are all well."

	Kiyone was still in shock. "H...how did this happen?" stammered the GP.

	Before Yosho could say anything Ayeka raised her hand. "There will be 
plenty of time later to talk. I am sure that our guests wish to be shown to 
their quarters so that they may rest." She turned slightly to an older Juraian 
with a buzz cut. "Admiral Judroa?"

	"Of course, Highness," he replied with a bow of his head. He stepped 
forward and extended his right hand to Kiyone and Washu. "It would be my honor 
to show you ladies, personally, to your rooms. Commander Yosho and her Highness 
have told me much about you." Kiyone and Washu started to follow the Admiral, 
when a high pitched squeal stopped Kiyone in her tracks.

	"KKKKIIIIIIYYYYYYOOOOONNNNNEEEEE!!!!!!!!"

	Mihoshi crashed into her partner at mach one and embraced her in a bone 
crushing hug. "Oh Kiyone! I've missed you so much! I couldn't eat or sleep 
without you around!" blubbered the blond ditz.

	While natural disaster Mihoshi clung to her sobbing happily, Kiyone 
suddenly realized, despite the occasional battle, how peaceful her life had felt 
for the past few weeks. She whimpered slightly as the reality that was her life 
came back into place. "Why me?" she asked no one in particular.

_____

	Washu looked herself up and down in the mirror in her room. Her usual work 
clothes did not seem to fit her state of mind nor what she was planning to do. 
Washu waved her hands in front of her body, and her clothes changed. She was now 
wearing a long purple dress with large billowing sleeves and shoulders. There 
was a large V down the center of the dress revealing Washu's ample cleavage. A 
golden emblem in the shape of a W rested around her her chest and rose into a 
semi circle around her neck. At the points where her arms and shoulders met were 
large, green cat's eye gems. She looked at herself and shook her head. "This is 
not me anymore. Once yes, but now I cannot wear this."

	She waved her hands again, and the dress changed slightly. The sleeves and 
shoulders tightened around her arms. The cat's eye jewels disappeared. The 
center of the dress was now all black and resting at the top of her bosom. The 
golden W straightened and became a belt. Washu gave herself a half smile. "I'm 
getting too conservative in my old age," she said in a light yet saddened tone.

	There was a knock at her door. She almost gave her customary demand to be 
left alone, but checked herself at the last second. "Come in."

	The door slid open, and Yosho entered the room. "Greetings, Washu. I hope 
I am not interrupting anything, but Ayeka has called a meeting and wishes your 
presence."

	She ran her hands down the front of her dress before walking over to 
Yosho's side. "Of course not, Yosho." She winked and slid her right arm around 
his left. "I'd love to be escorted to the meeting by such a handsome young man."

	The two of them left the room and started walking down the hall. Yosho was 
the first to speak. "May I ask why you wear this form now?"

	"Circumstances call for it," she answered. "My turn. Why did you change 
clothes?"

	"The power of the Light Hawk Wings shattered the guise," replied Yosho. 
"Once my true appearance was discovered by Ayeka, I decided to remain this way 
for now." He looked over at her. "How long have you known about my disguise?"

	Washu shrugged. "Before a short time ago, I just had a theory that you 
were hiding something from the rest of us."

	He nodded. "And what about you, Washu? What new secrets are you now hiding 
from us?"

	Her mass of red hair flew back, and Washu cackled lightly. "Why, Yosho? 
Would I ever hide anything from my family?"

	The Juraian smiled. "In less time than it takes Ryo-ohki to eat a carrot."

	Washu's smile betrayed nothing. "Not this time, my dear Yosho. There will 
be no secrets, merely a time delay until all is revealed." She chuckled again. 
"I had forgotten how much fun it was to talk with you, Yosho."

	"I, too, have missed these little conversations, Washu," agreed the former 
Crown Prince. He stopped at a door and motioned with his free hand. "After you."

	Washu bowed her head and opened the door. There was a small group already 
gathered inside the war room. Seated at the head of the table was Ayeka. 
Standing several feet from Ayeka was a very serious looking dark haired knight. 
Kiyone and Mihoshi were also seated at the left side of the table dressed in 
their GP uniforms. Yosho pulled out a chair for Washu next to Mihoshi, and then 
moved to sit by Ayeka's right across from Admiral Judroa.  

	Ayeka cleared her throat and spoke. "I thank each of you for coming here. 
By now I believe that our guests are aware of the current state of affairs." 
Washu and Kiyone nodded. "Good. Then I will go on to ask a favor of Detectives 
Kiyone and Mihoshi."

	"What is it, Princess?" asked Kiyone.

	"As you know, there is no accurate information about how large a fleet 
Ziasha commands," stated Ayeka. "Thanks to you, though, we do know that he has a 
Souja class battleship. This leads us to believe that Ziasha is capable of 
acquiring more ships. That is where our problem lies. This fleet is not able to 
grow. We are incapable of growing new tree ships, and no government in this 
galaxy will even listen to a proposal of alliance."

	"Fools," muttered the knight. 

	Ayeka ignored his comment and continued. "We are also unable to contact 
any of Jurai's allies in neighboring galaxies. All of this leaves us lacking in 
sufficient navel power to see this war all the way to its conclusion. While my 
Jurai Power shield keeps all enemies out, Ziasha may still have a fleet waiting 
for us at Jurai itself. So, I am asking if you and Detective Mihoshi will go to 
Galaxy Police Head Quarters with a proposal for alliance. Our intelligence 
sections tell us that the Galaxy Police have already suffered some losses to 
Ziasha's hordes, and therefore, may be open to joining forces." She picked up a 
data pad and handed it to Kiyone.

	The teal haired GP took it and nodded to Ayeka. "It would be my pleasure 
to take this to HQ, Princess."

	Washu watched as Ayeka smiled warmly letting her leader face slip for a 
moment. "Thank you, Kiyone." She blinked and the war leader was back. "Now, is 
there anything else that needs to be discussed?"

	"Just a couple of things," said Washu. All heads turned to her. The holo 
laptop appeared and Washu began to type while speaking. "First, I am uploading a 
new file to your database. This file contains a list and data for all the demons 
that Ziasha commands. I managed to find it while rooting around in Clay's 
computer. Second, I'll be going with Kiyone and Mihoshi to GP HQ. I can get them 
there and back faster than any other ship here."

	Ayeka looked around the table. "I do not think that anyone is going to 
disagree with anything you have stated, Miss Washu. I wish you all luck in your 
journey." She rose. "This meeting is adjourned."

	Everyone in the room rose from the table and started to leave. Ayeka 
walked over to Washu. "Miss Washu?"

	"Yes, Ayeka?"

	"I do hope you will come by and say goobye to Sasami before you leave," 
said the princess. 

	Long forgotten emotions started to awaken in Washu's mind. Despite this, 
she kept her face straight. "Of course, Ayeka. Besides, I'll have something to 
give you before I leave." Ayeka's mouth opened to ask her a question, but Washu 
patted her on the cheek and glided out of the room. 

	The tall scientist walked down the hall back to her room. Once inside, 
Washu opened a small subspace hole and reached in. She took out four small 
golden discs and placed them on a table. Washu picked up the first one and 
pushed down on the center with her thumb. She stepped back and took a deep 
breath. 

	"My dearest Ryoko..."

_____

	Ayeka was sitting in the sleeping area of her quarters on Black Star 
Alpha. It was only inside this small area that Ayeka let her war leader persona 
slip away completely. Here in her room, she could retreat back to the woman she 
once was. And it was at this moment that Ayeka sat at the side of her bed in one 
of her old white and purple kimonos knitting. Her now shorter hair was down 
covering her circlet as it always had. Ayeka looked up from her knitting and 
smiled at the sleeping form of Sasami. It was partially due to her sister's 
presence that Ayeka was able to relax like this. Sasami was an anchor of 
normalcy in the storm of chaos that was currently Ayeka's life.

	The air shimmered, and Azaka appeared at the foot of the bed. "Princess 
Ayeka, Lady Washu is here."

	"Please let her in, Azaka," said Ayeka.

	"No need for that," interrupted Washu as she walked into the bedroom. 

	Despite the annoyed look on her face, Ayeka was basking in the fact that 
Washu had barged in just like she always had. Again, something familiar made 
itself present. "Really, Miss Washu. You should have waited until I admitted 
you."

	Washu ignored Ayeka's reprimand, like always, and continued into the room. 
Azaka bid them good night and disappeared. Washu stopped at the other side of 
the bed. She bent over and caressed the side of Sasami's face. "I guess you'll 
have to say goodbye for me," she whispered. Ayeka watched as Washu's face grew 
very soft. "There is so much I need to tell her, but no time to do it." The 
princess got the feeling that Washu was not really speaking to her.

	The scientist shook her head and rose back to her full height. She walked 
over to Ayeka and gave her four golden discs. "These are messages I have 
recorded," explained Washu. "There is one for you, Tenchi, Ryoko, and a last one 
to be viewed when the entire group is reunited. Don't worry, each one is 
labeled. To activate them just push down in the center."

	Ayeka looked through them until she found the one with her name on it. "I 
have one last set of instructions as far as these messages go. Please do not 
listen to your message until Kiyone and Mihoshi return from GP HQ. Also, when 
Tenchi and Ryoko finally catch up with you, give both their messages to Tenchi. 
Understand?"

	The seriousness of Washu's tone made it very clear to Ayeka how important 
this was. "Yes, Miss Washu. I understand." Washu smiled again and started to 
leave the room. Then something she had said echoed in Ayeka's mind. She placed 
her knitting and the discs on the bed and walked after Washu. "Washu, wait."

	The tall red head stopped and looked over her shoulder. "Yes?"

	"You said a moment ago to wait until Kiyone and Mihoshi came back." She 
paused for a second. "Where will you be?"

	Washu stood there, motionless. When she finally spoke, it was with a tone 
that expressed both seriousness and sorrowfulness. "Making sure that the past 
does not destroy the future." Not sure what to make of her cryptic answer, Ayeka 
simply watched as Washu walked out of her room.

_____

	Kiyone and Mihoshi were standing in front of the Yagami waiting for Washu. 
"Geez, how much longer is she going to take?" asked Kiyone.

	"Maybe she has a lot of luggage?" suggested Mihoshi. 

	"Oh shut up, Mihoshi," muttered Kiyone. 

	Finally, after another five minutes of Mihoshi trying to guess what was 
keeping Wahsu, the genius came walking into the docking bay. Kiyone grabbed her 
partner by the collar and started up the Yagami's ramp. "Come on, Washu!" she 
snapped. "Let's get going!"

	"Then what are you doing?" asked Washu.

	Kiyone turned around and leveled the red head with a withering stare. 
"Getting onto the ship so that we can travel in space." The GP was not in a very 
good mood. Ever since they had been reunited, Mihoshi had done nothing but 
regale her with useless stories about her past few weeks on Black Star Alpha.

	"Oh, well we're not taking the Yagami," stated Washu.

	Kiyone stormed down the ramp and walked up to Washu. "What do you mean? 
The Juraians can't spare us a ship."

	One of Washu's scientist smiles spread across her face. "I've got 
something better." Her laptop appeared, and she typed in a few commands. A large 
subspace portal opened in the middle of the bay. Something large started to come 
out. "I stashed this in subspace a long time ago in case of an emergency."

	"Wooowww!" said Mihoshi as the object came out of the portal.

	Kiyone stared wide eyed as a crystalline object floated into the docking 
bay. It was half the size of the Yagami. To put it simply, it looked like a mass 
of red crystals jutting out in all directions. Washu touched a couple of keys, 
and the three of them were teleported inside the strange ship. Much to Kiyone's 
surprise, the bridge was almost identical to Ryo-ohki's. 

	The two GP's gasped as seats appeared under them. "Hold on tight," said 
Washu. "We'll be there in just a couple of hours." Kiyone and Mihoshi both 
screamed as another portal into subspace opened, and the strange crystal ship 
flew in. 

_____

	"One minute till arrival, sir," said a tech from his station.

	Ziasha sat in the command chair on the bridge of Tokimi's Chariot. The 
massive battleship lead a force of over two hundred other war ships towards the 
Galaxy Police HQ. Tokimi's Champion watched the numbers tick down until it read 
zero. 

	"Drop the Chariot out of hyperspace right on top of the GP HQ," he 
ordered. "Have the rest of the fleet drop out just a short distance away." He 
tapped the fingers of both hands together. "I want to see what this ship can 
do."

	Tokimi's Chariot came out of hyperspace directly in front of four hundred 
Galaxy Police ships. "Open fire," commanded Ziasha.

	The forward weapons of the battle ship opened. "Power gems charging up, 
sir." There was a massive build up of green energy around the ship. "Gems 
charged. Firing."

	A torrent of green energy blasts spewed from the Chariot's weapons. Almost 
half the GP fleet was wiped out in an instant. Ziasha laughed victoriously. 
"Order in the rest of the fleet. Target the next volley on the space station and 
fire when ready."

	The weapons charged and fired another storm of green bolts forward. This 
time they impacted against the GP HQ. The large space station was vaporized in 
an instant. Its remains flew in all directions slamming into nearby ships. The 
rest of Tokimi's fleet appeared at the flanks of the remaining GP ships and 
opened fire. It was not long before only ships belonging to Tokimi's fleet 
remained. 

	"Plot a course for Jurai," ordered Ziasha. The field test of Tokimi's 
Chariot had been successful. Let the princess come if she wished. This ship 
combined with his demon tree ships would make any battle not even a contest. 

	"What about the debree from the GP fleet, my lord?" asked an officer.

	Ziasha smiled and laughed. "Leave it. Let it be a warning to any who dare 
oppose the Will of Lady Tokimi." 

_____

	A subspace portal opened and the red gem ship came out into real space. 
Kiyone and Mihoshi stared out the window with their mouths open. Washu was not 
phased at all by the sight before them. Truth be told, she had half expected 
this. Metallic debree littered space for miles and miles. She summoned her 
laptop and began scanning the area.

	"What happened, Kiyone?" asked Mihoshi with tears building in her eyes.

	"I don't know, Mihoshi," replied a stunned Kiyone. "I don't know."

	Energy patterns began to display themselves on the laptop screen. "Gem 
energy," whispered Washu. The two GP women turned to look at Washu. "It was 
Ziasha and that Souja class battleship," she told them. "There were other ships 
here, but it was the one that did the most damage."

	"Were there any survivors?" asked Kiyone.

	Washu scanned the area again. "I've got some hyperspace signatures that 
match known GP cruiser classes, but not many. If my calculations are correct, 
there were at least four hundred GP ships out there."

	Kiyone went pale. "That was over half the Galaxy Police fleet." She turned 
back to the graveyard. "Ziasha destroyed them like they were nothing."

	Mihoshi staggered over to her partner. "Kiyone?" she whispered. The teal 
haired woman looked back at her. "What...what do you think happened to my 
grandfather?"

	Washu could see Kiyone searching for an answer. Seeing her friend's 
hesitation in answering, Mihoshi dropped to her knees and began to truly sob. 
This was not one of her usual crying fits, and both Kiyone and Washu knew this. 
Kiyone walked over, knelt down next to the sobbing woman, and embraced her. 
Washu grimaced as she watched the scene.

	"You go too far, Tokimi," she said to herself. "The Will never demanded 
bloodshed. You are the one who has chosen it to be this way." The red head 
curled both her hands into fists and her green eyes thinned. "If you want war, 
Tokimi, then I am going to make sure that the sides are at least even."

	Washu relayed commands to her ship, and another subspace portal opened. 
She looked over at Kiyone, who was still consoling Mihoshi. "I'm taking you two 
back to Ayeka. You have to tell her what has happened here."

	"What about you?" 

	Washu looked out at the stars. "Tell Ayeka that I'm going to get help." 
Kiyone nodded and continued to comfort her friend. The ship turned around, 
entered subspace, and vanished.


To be continued...

Notes- Well I don't really have much to say, yet again. Once again I say that if 
some characters seem OOC at times it is because I see them growing and adapting 
to situations. The first, fancy, goddess like dress Washu tries on was taken 
from an pic I found. I assume it is from one of the Tenchi art books or just 
some form of AIC or Pioneer owned thing. It was professionally done to say the 
least and not fan created. All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com.


													
									

													
									

													
							
