Tenchi Muyo: "Wings of the Light Archangel"
A  TenchiMuyo  Fanfiction novel by Ryoken (Garrison@hotmail.com)
Disclaimer : All  of these characters, except those that are new to you 
(duh) are property of AIC and Pioneer. Therefore , I can assure that i had 
not used this characters for personal gain or wealth , and never will.(okay 
, enough of the copyright crap , lets hear a story , can we?)
Acknowledgements : Thanks to Kutani for all the help , and to the  TFFA , 
and its owner , Gensao , for helping  me write the fic , hope ya all enjoy 
it.

Chapter 3: "Exodus"

It was a very quiet morning in the Masaki residence , the only sounds in the 
place were the frying pan큦 constant  moves , and the humming of Sasami큦 
song.
Then breakfast started , and also a very big fight about of all things , 
drinking sake at 9:00 am ,  followed by the long princesses  looks v/s  
their abnormal appetite , only to be finished by a massive energy explosion.
The weirdest thing for Tenchi Masaki , was that Ryoken was completely calm 
about this , even as it was the first time he saw the hell on earth that was 
breakfast at the Masaki house.
Then things got weirder.
-Hey , I baked cookies for you all , cmon  taste one!- A happy Ayeka said , 
as she entered the room with a  plate full of delicious looking cookies .(If 
one payed no attention to the skull shaped steam they expelled)
-Oh , let me try one -Ryoken said  as he grabed one gently of the plate.
-Oh-oh- Ryoko tought- say goodbye to your stomach ,Ryoken.
There was  complete silence as Ryoken took the cookie in his mouth and 
started chewing  it ,and when he finished ,he said. -It was great , can i 
have another one , Lady Ayeka?- as he smiled.
Everyone collapsed , except for Washu and Ryoko , who both took a cookie and 
  shoved it down their mouths.( And Ayeaka , who was in a trance of joy)
They both went pale  for 5 seconds , only to fell in the floor , and pass 
out , making the house a real madness.
-Okay you idiot!- Ryoko screamed as she grabbed Ryoken by the neck and 
started shaking his whole body up and down.-How in hell were you able to eat 
this crap?.
Well , ever since washu made some "improvements" in the Academy큦 cafeteria 
equipment and resources at an academy festival  some thousands years ago, i 
decided to  make my body inmune to  most poisons in the known universe , 
cause i didnt want to go by that  sequence of events again  , so I...
Ryoken큦 explanation was cut short by the  huge energy blast  that washu 
just fired , wich left him unable to speak for the  rest of  the breakfast , 
while Washu returned to her lab , muttering something that sounded as " You 
insensitive jerk , i really tried , im gonna get you back some time .....".
The rest of washus words was not heared by anyone , because  of  Ayeka큦 and 
Ryoko큦 laugther , wich echoed throught the house.

Later that morning , at the Masaki Shrine.
Tenchi and Ryoken were walking by the shrine , disscusing if tenchi큦 
grandfather will give him permission to train with Ryoken , who was eager to 
teach tenchi , and strangely , Tenchi feeled  anxious about being trained by 
Ryoken.
When they reached the shrine , Kazuhito gave his answer.
If you want him to train him , Ryuken , it will be an honor , but i think 
you should come clean with your future pupil , Ryoken.-said a very serious 
Katsuhito.
Tenchi was stumped , not only did his grandfather know ryoken , he also was 
trained by him more than 6000 years ago.
What is he talking about , Ryoken?- asked a very intriged tenchi , because 
his grandfathers face showed respect and fear from the man before him.
Well, -ryoken said-Hear me carefully tenchi , cause its your decision if you 
want to train with me , and you should hewar me too , Yosho, because i have 
to tell youto tell you "something" i  never told you about , Listen...
Tenchi stayed quiet , and listened to Ryokens story , as did Yosho:

More than 17000 years ago , in the Intergalactic Academy.
Washu laid in Ryokens arms , crying , comletely heartbroken.
-They took him , Ryoken , sosb ,they took my son!.
- Who , washu , why , explain it to me!-Ryoken was full with anger.
- The juraian royal guard , they...they said i had no right , that i was no 
a noble , and they took him away , i dont know were he is, neither were is 
my husband  , what im going to do ryoken, what will be of me?.
But ryoken wasnt listening , he was filled with anger and despair , and his 
blood was boiling already.
Sudennly ,he wiped washu's tears as he held her close , and said with a 
voice so soft that washu never heard him.- I큞l avenge them washu , one day 
ill avenge them .

10000 years later.
Washu (actual form) was standing in her academy private chamber , just 
minutes after her promotion as Academy Prime Excelcius Honoris Dean Teacher 
Alpha, an honor she always dreamed of.
She went out to her balcony , were Ryoken was waiting for her , and she 
changed back to her real self as soon as she saw him.
As Ryoken was aproaching her , she slammed his face.
-You idiot , you missed the ceremony , you promised you큞l be there.-washu 
screamed.
_Im sorry , but i just renounced as Royal Sword teacher , Washu.-ryoken 
replied.
What-washu screamed- Why the hell did ya do that ,you idiot!-
I had ... discrepancies with the emperor , and i will be exiled from the 
jurain empire by tomorrow ,Washu -chan.
-Oh , crap , -a tear filled washu (죋ow kawaii!)-You won큧 celebrate with 
me?.
-Of course , thats why im here , but i큞l be gone from the academy tomorrow.
Well , then lets hit the bars you idiot , were gonna celebrate big time 
-washu screamed as she dragged ryoken out of the room.

Meanwhile , Washu was remembering the day before ryokos birth , so she could 
tell ryoken how she got his sample ,and hopefully drive him mad with the 
details.

Next Morning.(washu큦 flashback)

Washu waked up with one hell of a hangover (and a nurse costume by the side 
of her bed!) , but she was happier than she ever had been in all her 
life.She had the SAMPLE , and soon she will have a Daughter , with ryoken큦 
sample , she will be able to dominate the stone큦 power , plus , she was 
eager to see the face of ryoken when he knew  he was a father .
Uhmmmh -washu thought - maybe this isnt a good idea , i mean i want to have 
a daughter with him , but maybe i should tell him before...- and then  she 
had a very bad feeling about ryoken큦 exile , cause it was unusual to be 
exiled just for a disscussion with the emperor.
Washu rushed to the Data Screen in her lab , and  gained entry to the 
"Galaxy News Network" in an instant.
She freezed right were she standed , focusing in  the words that filled the 
screen in front of her.
"LAST NIGHT , THE JURAIN PALACE WAS ATTACKED BY THE CURRENT ROYAL SWORD 
TEACHER , RYOKEN , WHO COMPLETLY DEVASTATED THE PALACE , DESTROYING IT 
ALMOST COMPLETELY , EXCEPT FOR THE ROYAL CHAMBERS , THE TREE SHRINES , AND 
THE THRONE ROOM.
RYOKEN ESCAPED 15 NANOMINUTES AFTER HIS STRIKE, LEAVING  THE JURAIAN 
JURIDISCTION , AND HIS CURRENT LOCATION IS UNKNOWN.
THE EMPEROR OF JURAI , LORD AZUZA ,HAS PROCLAIMED THAT RYOKEN WILL NOT BE 
PROSECUTED BY HIS CRIME , THANKS TO YOUNG PRICE YOSHO ,FORMER DISCIPLE OF 
RYOKEN , WHO CLAIMED FORGIVENESS FOR HIS SENSEI.
HOWEVER , EMPEROR AZUZA HAS MADE RYOKEN'S STATUS AS AN EXILE OFFICIAL , AND 
HAS MADE THE OFFICIAL  DECLARATION THAT IF RYOKEN RETURNS TO JURAI , HE WILL 
BE DECLARED AN OUTLAW , AND WILL SHOULD BE TREATED WITH DEADLY FORCE BY 
JURAIAN AND GALAXY POLICE FORCES.

Why? -washu thought as tears filled her eyes for the first time in centuries 
-Why did you did it? , Why did you...leave me?

Present day  , Masaki Shrine.

Tenchi was silent , as were Katsuhito and Ryoken , who looked at each other 
directly.
-Why did you attack Jurai , Ryoken?- Tenchi asked , with an skeptical tone 
of voice.
- I had to test Yosho , i had to see if he had mastered the tenchi sword , 
and he had , he was able to beat me , but he didnt took my life , he 
respected life , even his adversarie큦 life ,and that told me he had finally 
mastered the sword you know hold in your hands , tenchi.
- I see , -Yosho said- I knew you were testing me , because you didnt kill 
anyone in the attack , but you really fooled me.
- It was one hell of a fight , Yosho , Im sorry ive tricked you all this 
years.
- Dont worry , Sensei, ive done my best , and frankly , i think its finally 
time for Tenchi  to train with you , if he wants.
Tenchi looked at Ryoken , then at his grandfather , and slowly said:

-YES,I WANT.-Because he knew  , deep inside his soul , that this was  the 
time for him to fully understant his destiny and be his own master.

And in the endless voids of space   a ship was about to reach his destiny.
The only man in the ship looked at the blue spot in  front of him , and 
thought:- In only one month , you all shall feel my fury , and specially you 
, little  runt , because i have returned from darkness eternal only to see 
that you die by my hand .

And the ship continued its journey , towards earth , towards REVENGE.







