Tenchi Muyo: "Wings of the Light Archangel"
A  TenchiMuyo  Fanfiction novel by Ryoken (Garrison@hotmail.com)
Disclaimer : All  of these characters, except those that are new to you 
(duh) are property of AIC and Pioneer. Therefore , I can assure that i had 
not used this characters for personal gain or wealth , and never will.(okay 
, enough of the copyright crap , lets hear a story , can we?)
Acknowledgements : Thanks to Kutani for all the help , and to the  TFFA , 
and its owner , Gensao , for helping  me write the fic , hope ya all enjoy 
it.

Chapter II : "Revelations of the Past":

Everyone was sitting quietly at the masaki living room ,  waiting for Washu 
to start her story. Tenchi´s whole attention was centered in the three 
people in front of him:Ryoko , Washu , and Ryoken , who Washu claimed  was 
Ryoko´s father.
Then Washu started to talk...
- I guess i shall start by the begining , Well a long time ago , when i was 
at the Academy....

Flashback Sequence (and a very long one)

Washu is standing in the middle of the Intergalactic Academy main building , 
completely focused in the console in her hands.
Suddenly , Washu´s attention  focuses in  a young , blue-haired  young man 
at the Academy´s main  gates , and she quickly closes  her computer , and 
starts walking  in the man´s direction.
Then , when she gets closer , she recognices him , and starts running at him 
, only to jump in the air and  hug him as she lands.
-¡ Ryoken! - a  very happy Washu shouts-  I thought ya were still in sector 
41123x8 , when the hell  did ya arrive?.
-Well -a clearly confused (and blushed) Ryoken answers- I just arrived here 
today , and i was so happy to see you already , i have made the most amazing 
foundings ever.
-Yeah , right - a very sceptical Washu responds- You are just trying to pull 
my leg , cause only Washu , the most famous and greatest scientific genius 
in the universe , can claim to had made the most amazing discovery´s in 
science history.
- Yeah , like that Time-bending Fluxor you made last semester , you almost 
destroyed the whole campus.
- It was your fault, air-head , you just had to enter my laboratory just in 
the moment i was begining the time shifting sequence.
- Oh , excuse me , "Miss I cant talk and work at the same time".
Suddenly the once happy reunion has turned in a  heated  verbal fight , and  
the whole  Academy starts to be affected by it.

Some years Later (a lot , actually) at a bar in the Academy area.

Ryoken and Washu (Adult form) are at  a table in the corner of the place , 
with almost a couple  hundred bottles of various alcoholic drinks around 
them.
(At this point , Ayeka points  out that maybe thats the root of Ryoko´s  
enthusiasm for drinking , a whole scene starts , and Washu´s tale almost 
goes to hell , and so after the matter is settled , Washu continues her 
story)
- Well , Ya saying that ya want ta have a child? - A very drunk Ryoken asks 
in amazement- and who will be the  poor dev-Im sorry , who will be the lucky 
father?
- Well , ya idiot - a slightly more drunk  Washu  answers- Im not in 
marriage anymore , as ya know, so i decided to use my newly discovered Massu 
, plus some of my genetic information , and  voila , i will have my 
Daugther!.
- That will never work washu- Ryoken pointed out.
- Why not , smartass?
- Well , life is created by a  mix , to  say so , of Both male and female 
genetic information , plus the newly spawned  creatures own code , while 
your genetic samples and the Massu will be able to  replace  the female and 
new dna , ya will still need a male sample.
- Ill be damned- a stunned washu replies- ya are right , i will need to get 
a perfect male genetic sample.
- And who will  be so kind of giving his own genetic code to  your lovely 
cause? - Ryoken asked.
- Well , i need someone as smart as me , strongerand more powefull than me , 
and a perfect warrior , so my daughter will be able to defend herself, Hmmm, 
this is gonna be hard.
- Well speaking of fighting , did ya know that i´ve been called by the Jurai 
emperor to give his son Sword  lessons?
- Of course , ya  were always the best fighter at the academy , i dont  
think your "26745566 wins / 0 losses" will be brokrn anytime soon.-Washu 
suddenly smiled and her eyes started to glitter , while looking directly at 
Ryoken.
- Well , washu-chan , why ya looking me like dat?-A severely dunk Ryoken 
asked.
- Ya Know , i just remembered i have a Juraian Sake of almost 750 years at 
home , why dont we go and open it to celebrate your new position, "Royal 
Swordmanship Teacher"- A charming Washu suggested.
- Yeah , okay ,whatever , just drag me there  and ...-Ryoken lossed 
conciusness and falled flat inthe table.
- Geez, it took almost 1500 bottles to get him drunk , well lets go to the 
lab , Muaahahaha- As  she was saying this , Washu switched to her nurse 
costume , and dragged Ryoken out of the bar.

Actual Time , Earth , Japan , Masaki Residence:

Everyone was in silence , no sound was heared in all the house , as Washu 
had finishide her story , when , after ten long minutes , Tenchi dared to 
speak:
-  Oh my god -he exclaimed- you were in the nurse outfit craze all the way  
back then ,   Washu?
- She tried it on you too?- a surprised Ryoken asked- Consider yourself 
lucky , i dreamed with that costume and laugh for almost a decade!.
- ¡Shut uuuup!- a  inhuman scream echoed throught the house.
It was Ryoko ,screaming and crying while looking at Ryoken and washu , both 
silent.
- Are you telling me- she shouted- that Im just a experiment you did while 
completely drunk, Washu?. And you twant to tell me that this jerk is my 
father?
- Well ,in the stricly genetic sense , but...-washu´s explanation was cut 
clean by Ryoko´s mad screaming.
- GO to Hell , both of ya!!- Ryoko screamed as she vanished of the place.
- Ryoko...- A sad Tenchi said quietly ,while Ayeka , Sasami , Washu ,Mihoshi 
and Noboyuki stayed silent.
- Ill speak with her -Ryoken said as he stanted up- Dont worry Washu, she 
just needs time to think.
- Ryoken...-Washu muttered , and said no more.


At the Funaho Tree Shrine

Ryoko was standing  in one of Funaho´s branches , quietly thinking about the 
revelations that haunted trought her mind at the moment , her  hands closed  
in a thight fist , her body filled with anger and despair.
Suddenly , a gentle , softly voice called her name.

- Ryoko?- Ryoken asked - May i speak with you?.
- Ryoko didn´t bother to turn around and face him , as she harshly said: "No 
, you may not , if you are trying to make me feel better about this , there 
is nothing you can say that may help me now.
- You love him , dont you?-Ryoken said while smiling.
- What?-Ryoko shouted as she turned around  and faced Ryoken- What the hell 
are you talking about?
- You know ,  Tenchi , you have  fallen in love with him , am I right?
- How did you know something like that?- a blushing Ryoko asked in a  high 
voice tone-Do you have some psychic connection to me to , like Washu does?
- No- Ryoken answered quietly.
- Then how?- a more blushed and angrier Ryoko shouted - HOW?.
- Just by looking at you , Ryoko.
- Huh?- a  really surprised Ryoko said.
- When Washu was telling her story , all the time you werent looking at her 
, neither me , you were looking at HIM.All your atention  was focused at how 
he reacted at your true origin, the FIRST and ONLY  worry that crossed your 
mind was if Tenchi would  be more hurt or shocked by this revelation than 
you.
   When i saw the way you look at him for  the first time , I istantly knew 
you
   were in love with him, Ryoko.
Ryoko was silent , her mind and eyes totally focusing at the man in front of 
her.
- I know there is nothing I can do or say to make you feel better ,but I 
must tell you this-I never rescued Washu from Kagato , because while you 
were in his mind control , he implanted a Mind Override device in your 
brain.
- That cant be true..-Ryoko responded.
- Then why did Washu performed tests on you as soon as you returned to 
earth?-Ryoken said with a calmed tone of voice.
- She said..-Ryoko couldnt finish , because she knew this was true.
- I love your "Mother" , Ryoko .I´ve been in love with Washu since a long 
time , even  before you were "born" , yet, when I confronted Kagato , he 
treatened me with the toughest decision I´ve ever made:"If i attacked him 
and rescued Washu , the Device in your mind would have go active , and  
would have killed you instantly , but if i leaved him alone , you woudnt be 
in danger.So i made my choice. I surrended to Kagato , even thought i could 
have destroyed him with ease ,because i knew the life of Washu´s precious 
daughter  meaned more to her than her own life.
- I, I didn´t knew...-Ryoko softly said-I never really cared about my past.
- I just wanted you to know , that surrendering  to Kagato was the hardest 
thing I´ve ever done , and know , just by looking at you for the first time 
,I know it was justified by a thousand times.
Ryoko and Ryoken stayed in silent , a gush of wind and leaves breaking the 
silence until a voice sounded again in  the Funaho tree sacred place.
-Arent you worried-Ryoko said softly- That Washu will know this now , 
because of   my  mental link with her?.
No-A smiling Ryoken said - All your thoughts abot this conversation or abot 
me and you are shielded from the mental link you share with Washu , I´ve 
made certain from that.
- Well , thank you , Ryoken- Ryoko´s face was showed a small smile- Thanks 
for saving me and for caring about me , and i hope i havent hurt you with my 
reaction and  , oh crap ,im no good at this stuff.-Ryokos smile  widened.
- It´s okay , Ryoko , i know what you want to say , and i m happy that you  
have someone to love and live for.Well , i should return to the house , the 
others might been worried about us.
- Yeah , and Ryoken?-Ryoko  asked with a little blush on her smiling face.
- Yes?- ryoken said as he turned around.
- Im happy to have meet you , "Father"-Ryoko said with a smile , and 
vanished out of the place.
Ryoken stayed in front of Funaho , and slowly said to himself , smiling :Im 
happy to meet you too , Daughter.

And in the shadows of space , the gigantic ship  was getting closer to earth 
, his only inhabitant waiting , enjoying the moments before his vengeance.

End of chapter 2

