I don't own Tenchi Muyo, any of the characters or any of Washu's crazy 
inventions for that matter. I'm not exactly sure who owns them but I know that 
it's distributed in the U.S. by Pioneer. This fanfic is written without the 
consent of aforementioned owners and yadda yadda yadda.

Just a quick note: Words inside asterisks *   *  are stressed words within a 
sentence.

Sentences within brackets <   > are a character's thoughts.  It's not exactly 
pretty I suppose but it gets the job done.





Wings of the Light Hawk


Chapter Two - Part A: Mihoshi Strikes Again


This morning was like no other that Tenchi could recall. It started out normally 
enough. That is, Tenchi got out of his bed under his own power. However, from 
there is went from weird to positively surreal.

He made his way to the bathroom. Normal enough as it was part of his normal 
routine. Usually he needed to take a lengthy piss first thing in the morning. 
However, this morning there was somone already using the bathroom by the time he 
got there.

Ryoko was busy cleaning her teeth with an amount of concentration and 
determination that was almost comical.

Ryoko looked up from the bathroom mirror and out to the hallway where Tenchi was 
standing. "Oh, Tenchi.  You need the bathroom, huh?"

"That's alright," Tenchi replied. "I can wait. Go ahead with what you're doing."

"There's room for both of us in here," Ryoko replied. "C'mon in."

"Umm... I think not," Tenchi said to her.

Ryoko glanced down at his waist and then quickly looked up, blushing faintly. 
"Oh, I see. Well then, why don't you go ahead." Ryoko stepped out into the 
hallway.

"Thanks," Tenchi said as he stepped past her and into the bathroom.

<That's weird,> he thought as he slid the door shut behind him. <Since when does 
Ryoko brush her teeth in the morning?> 

He knew from experience that Ryoko was quite unconcerned about such things. From 
the usual morning greetings he received from Ryoko he knew that her idea of 
freshening her breath in morning involved sake.

"It kills the germs," he remembered her explaining after she finished guzzling a 
whole bottle.

From inside the bathroom he could hear Ayeka coming down the hallway.

"Good morning, Miss Ryoko," he could hear Ayeka's voice through the door. "Is 
Tenchi....?"

"Yeah, he's in the bathroom," Ryoko replied.

"I'm surprised that you're not scratching at the door as per usual," Ayeka said.

"Stuff a sock in it, Your Highness," Ryoko muttered.

"Such talk!" Ayeka said with just a touch of annoyance. "I thought we had come 
to an agreement."

"Oh, I see," Ryoko said to the princess. "You can insult me and I should just 
meekly take it. That's not a double standard or anything."

Tenchi sighed. He had hoped that after the events of yesterday morning that 
household life would be relatively peaceful. Apparently it wasn't to be.

"Yes, we should try to maintain at least a minimal amount of civility," Ayeka 
said to Ryoko. "What I should have said was, "I'm glad to see you're up so 
bright and early"."

Tenchi's eyebrow shot up. He knew that this was as close as the princess was 
going to come to apologizing to the space pirate.

Apparently Ryoko realized it too. "Ok, then," she replied, sounding somewhat 
mollified.

"Come, Ryoko," Ayeka said to the blue haired girl. "Why don't we leave  Lord 
Tenchi in peace and help Sasami with getting breakfast ready?"

"Huh? But we can't cook," Ryoko protested.

Ayeka sighed. "Yes, that's true. However we can at least help set the table. 
After all the work Sasami does around here it's the least we can do."

"Actually, Ayeka , the least we can do is nothing at all," Ryoko said.

"Ryoko!" yelled a slightly outraged Ayeka.

"Sheeesh... alright already," Ryoko said. "See, I'm going. I'm going."






When he finally arrived in the kitchen he was greeted by the sight of both Ryoko 
and Ayeka finishing getting the table set for breakfast.

Ayeka glanced over at him. "Oh, good morning, Lord Tenchi. I trust you slept 
well?"

"Just fine, Miss Ayeka," Tenchi answered. He gave Ryoko a look. "Nobody tried to 
kill me in my sleep. Still, you never know when someone might try."

Ayeka gave Ryoko a quick glance. "Indeed you don't," she agreed.

"Hey, what are you looking at me like that for?" Ryoko said. "I didn't even do 
anything yet."

Tenchi sat down at the table. He looked around the kitchen, admiring what he 
saw. "I have to say that Washu does good work. You'd never guess that this was a 
charred ruin less than twenty four hours ago."

 Ayeka and Ryoko looked at each other and blushed. 

Mihoshi chose that moment to enter the kitchen, saving Ayeka from the prospect 
of having to come up with a good answer to Tenchi's otherwise innocent 
observation.

"Good morning everyone," Mihoshi greeted them with her normal super 
cheerfulness. "It's another wonderful morning isn't it?"

"It sure is!" Sasami agreed, momentarily turning away from the stove to smile at 
Mihoshi.

Mihoshi hummed happily as she made her morning cup of coffee. She glanced around 
the kitchen. "Where's Washu? She'll miss breakfast."

"Yeah..." Sasami said giving the kitchen a quick once over. "Maybe somebody 
should go tell her breakfast is ready."

"It ain't gonna be me," Ryoko said quickly.

Tenchi scratched the back of his head as everyone glanced his way. That is, 
everyone except Ryoko, who was busy looking thoughtful. 

"Not again," he groaned. They continued to stare at him expectantly. "I really 
think this is a bad idea but I'll do it."

"Actually, I think Mihoshi should go," Ryoko said, wearing an evil grin. "It 
would serve that red headed runt right."

Tenchi had a sudden vision of the house consumed in a mushroom cloud. "No, I'll 
go. After all, I guess I am ...er... the man of the house. Sort of."

"I thought your father was the man of the house," Mihoshi said.

"No, he's the lecherous old fart of the house," Ryoko told her. "There's a 
difference. Anyways, Tenchi is gonna be the man of MY house someday." She 
grabbed Tenchi's arm and rested her head on  his shoulder. "Isn't that right, 
Tenchi?"

Ayeka scowled at her. "Ryoko! Don't you remember our deal?"

"Oh yeah, the deal," Ryoko grumbled as she let Tenchi go.

"Besides, Ryoko, knowing what sort of future you most likely will have, Tenchi 
would be forced to be the man of your tar paper shack," Ayeka said with a 
chuckle. "Now what kind of life is that for a prince of Jurai?"

"Girls, please let's not have a repeat of yester....." Tenchi trailed off.  "Oh, 
good morning, Little Washu."

Washu dragged herself into the kitchen. With bags under her eyes that could have 
easily stored luggage and a posture that could best be described as droopy, 
Washu looked like Death Warmed Over.

"Are you not feeling well?" a concerned Sasami asked once she got a good look at 
Washu.

"I stayed up all night working on the problem of Zero's memory block," Washu 
answered tiredly.

"Looks like you over did it," Ayeka commented.

"Perhaps, Princess, but it was worth it," Washu replied. She help up small black 
rectangular device. "I have in my hand the solution to the problem."

"What is it, Little Washu?" Tenchi asked.

"Oh, just my latest invention," Washu said proudly. "See, I discovered that 
Zero's memory loss was actually a memory block that was placed there 
intentionally. A powerful protection mechanism indeed. But whoever put it there 
was a bit too clever for thier own good. The memory block is caused by synaptic 
misfirings within her brain. Those misfirings are based on a seemingly random 
sequence of prime numbers."

"How exactly is that good news?" asked the crown princess.

"I said that the sequence was seemingly random, however it must have a pattern, 
no matter how hard to discern," Washu answered. "That's where this device comes 
in. Even as I speak it's analyzing the data I retreived from Zero's memory. It's 
only a matter of time before it completes it's analysis. From there it should be 
simple to come up with a formula for the solution to Zero's memory lock."

"Wow, that's impressive, Miss Washu," Mihoshi said as she turned away from the 
counter with coffee mug in hand.

"Of course it is," Washu replied. "After all, I AM the Greatest Scientific Mind 
in the Uni...."

Mihoshi let out a startled squawk as she stubbed her toe on the infinite will of 
the universe while making her way to the table. As she fell forward the coffee 
mug shot of her outstretched hands like a lightning bolt loosed from the 
heavens. Splashing coffee across the kitchen, the mug flew across the kitchen 
and slammed into Washu's newest invention as if guided by radar.

Washu gasped in horror as the analyzer was knocked out of her hand and fell to 
the floor with a convincing crash. She bent over and picked up the device, 
inspecting it carefully.

 Mihoshi picked herself up off the floor and quickly moved towards Washu.  

 Washu stood back up and turned towards Mihoshi."You're damn lucky, Mihoshi. It 
seems to be alri..."  Washu was cut off as she ran into Mihoshi face first. Or 
rather, ran into Mihoshi's generous assets face first.  

 "I'm so sorry, Washu. Here, let me help you with that." Mihoshi made a grab for 
Washu's device but instead managed to knock it out of Washu's grasp yet again. 
This time the analyzer flew across the kitchen and landed with a sickening 
smash.

Washu spent several moments trying to free herself before she managed to pry her 
face out from between Mihoshi's breasts. She stalked over to where the device 
had landed.

"Mihoshi....I'm going to KILL you!" she snarled as she picked up the mangled 
analyzer.

"It was an accident." Mihoshi said in a small voice. "I'm sorry..."

"*You're* the accident!" Washu grunted. "I think it's high time someone dealt 
with you."

"Washu, wait..." Mihoshi pleaded.

Instead of waiting Washu tapped on her computer. A small black hole appeared 
floating in the air in the middle of the kitchen. It disgorged a broom and then 
disappeared.

Washu grabbed the broom handle. "Prepare to die," she growled.

'Please, Washu, listen to.." Mihoshi was silenced as Washu brought the business 
end of the broom down on top of Mihoshi's head.

"Be reasonable, Wash..."  This time Mihoshi got a face full of broom bristles. 
She decided on the better part of valor and fled the kitchen.

"You can run but you can't hide," Washu called out and tore off after Mihoshi.

"Just goes to show that even the greatest scientific genius in the universe is 
no match for someone like Mihoshi," Ryoko said, laughing.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi snapped, feeling a bit outraged. "That device is important to 
Washu. It's also important to us. We need to know what Dr. Clay was up to just 
as much as Washu does"

"I can't believe I'm saying this but this time Ryoko's right," Ayeka said. "This 
time Washu had it coming."

"Wha....? You're sticking up for her?" Tenchi asked Ayeka, completely 
bewildered.

"You needn't be so surprised," Ayeka said with a small laugh. "Ryoko and I can 
get along when we want to."

"Um... when did this happen?" Tenchi asked.

"We had a talk and we've decided to bury the hatchet," Ayeka answered.

"Bury the hatchet?" Tenchi said. The images that sprang to his mind were rather 
gruesome. But they *did* involve hatchets.

"Er... declared a truce," Ayeka amended quickly. "Isn't that right, Ryoko?"

"Oh yes, me and Ayeka are best friends now," Ryoko said, her voice thick with 
false sweetness. She wrapped an arm around Ayeka and embraced the princess.

"I don't know if I'd call us friends," Ayeka said as she shrugged off the space 
pirate's hug. "Still, we are trying to get along and that's what counts."

"I think it's great that you two can be friends now," Sasami said, beaming at 
them both.

"You really are a sweet kid," Ryoko said as she ruffled the younger princess' 
hair.

At that moment Mihoshi ran by the kitchen window shrieking as Washu chased her 
with the broom.

"Take that and that and that and that!" the short scientist yelled as she 
repeatedly smacked the blonde bombshell over the head.

"They look like they're having fun," Ryoko chuckled.

"Who knew that one cup of coffee would be so effective at waking Washu up?" 
Ayeka said.

"We really should eat," Tenchi said, realizing that he was starving. "Here 
Sasami went to all the trouble of making breakfast and it's growing cold."

"Of course," Ayeka said. She retrieved the coffee pot. "Coffee, Lord Tenchi?"

"Actually, I'm quite wide awake for some reason this morning," Tenchi answered. 
"I think I'll have tea."

"Here you go," Ryoko said as she handed him a cup of tea.

"Oh, I see," Ayeka said, somewhat crestfallen.

"However, I would love to have some orange juice," Tenchi said, looking at the 
elder princess.

"Of course, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka replied happily. Moments later she set a glass 
of orange juice in front of Tenchi.

"I thank you both," Tenchi said, taking the trouble to favor both the princess 
and the space pirate with a smile.

"You're welcome, Tenchi," they replied, all but beaming with joy.

"And I want to thank you, Sasami, for making another wonderful breakfast," 
Tenchi told the young princess. "Washu might be the greatest scientific genius 
in the universe but I think that you are probably the greatest culinary genius 
in the universe"

Sasami blushed a bright red. "Thank you," she mumbled.

"You're welcome, my Tenchi," Ryoko said and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Ryoko!" Ayeka growled.

"Hey, it was just an innocent gesture of affection," Ryoko responded. "Lighten 
up a little."

"So is this," Ayeka said and gave Tenchi a quick kiss of her own.

The elder Juraian princess immediately grew red in the face. "Oh! I don't know 
what came over me. Lord Tenchi, I ... I'm sorry." 

Ayeka stood up and fled from the kitchen.

"Ayeka, it's alright. I'm not..." Tenchi trailed off as princess disappeared 
from sight.

"That princess sure is a riot," Ryoko said. "Sometimes she just kills me."

"Now there is just the three of us and all this food," Sasami said sadly.

"That's alright," Ryoko said. "Just means more for us."

"What a morning," Tenchi said with a sigh.

"I think it's been a great morning," Ryoko. "I hope the rest of the day is this 
good."

"It's been an unusual morning, that's for sure," Tenchi replied.

"Different can be good," Ryoko said as she leaned her head on Tenchi's shoulder.






Ryoko knocked on the door to the bedroom that the two princesses shared.

"Who is it?" Ayeka called out from inside the bedroom.

"It's me, your friendly neighborhood space pirate," Ryoko answered.

Ryoko could hear Ayeka grumbling to herself. After a couple of minutes the 
princess spoke loud enough to be heard. "Go away, I don't wish to speak to you."

"Yeah, right," Ryoko said and phased through the door.

"Ryoko, I thought I told you to leave me alone," Ayeka said with irritation.

"How long are you going to sit in your room and pout?" Ryoko asked.

"I'm not pouting!" Ayeka said hotly.

"You need to get a grip, Princess," Ryoko told her. "It's not like you ripped 
his clothes off and ravished him right there on the kitchen table. It was just a 
little kiss."

"Ravishing Tenchi on the kitchen table is more your style I would think," Ayeka 
said.

"Yeah, I would have but Sasami was there," Ryoko said with a grin.

"Everything is a joke to you," Ayeka muttered darkly.

"And you always have to be uptight about everything," Ryoko shot back. "If you'd 
just lighten up a bit maybe you'd enjoy life more."

"I enjoy life just fine, thank you," Ayeka told Ryoko. "What concern of yours is 
it anyways?"

"Huh! *You're* the one pushing this whole truce idea," Ryoko retorted. "Maybe 
I'm just trying to be friendly."

"Well don't," Ayeka said. "It's unnatural."

"Fine, I know when I'm not wanted," Ryoko said. "I guess I'll hang out with 
Sasami, seeing as how she actually likes it when I try to be nice."  With that 
Ryoko floated towards the bedroom door.

"Ryoko, wait," Ayeka called.

Ryoko turned around. "Changed your mind, Ayeka?"

"Perhaps you're right," Ayeka admitted. "It was an innocent kiss after all. I 
suppose that sometimes I do over react a bit."

"Now was that so hard?" Ryoko asked, floating over to the princess.

"I suppose we really should see to getting the household chores done," Ayeka 
said, grabbing Ryoko's arm.

"Wha...? Hey! Leggo!" Ryoko said, struggling against Ayeka's grasp on her arm.

"That includes you, Monster Woman," Ayeka said.

"I like to have a full day of lazing about before tackling any chores," Ryoko 
told the princess..

"If you're willing to help me be a little less uptight then it's only fair that 
I help you be more diligent about doing work around the house," Ayeka said.

"I don't think it's fair at all," Ryoko protested.







Tenchi wiped the sweat from his forehead. Seeing to it that Ryo-ohki had enough 
carrots was an arduous and full time job. 

<I'm having a hard time picturing Ryoko and Ayeka doing this,> he thought, 
remembering the girls offering to work the fields the day before.

He especially had a hard time picturing Ryoko doing the sustained physical labor 
required.  Ryoko was very much into work avoidance.

<That's not completely fair,> he chided himself. <After all, she does do 
housework. The toilet for example.>

It was true that Zero had an influence on Ryoko. Trying to quantify that 
influence was all but impossible. As was trying to quantify his own feelings for 
Ryoko/Zero. Or Ayeka for that matter.

<At least they seem to be getting along better since yesterday,> he thought. <I 
wonder what that "deal" they mentioned is all about.> 

It seemed that something good might have come from the previous morning's 
breakfast fiasco. If Ayeka and Ryoko really had worked out some kind of deal to 
keep the peace then it certainly was a positive developement.

<Maybe life around here will gain a bit of sanity,> he hoped, but not too 
optimistically.

Tenchi loved each and every one of the girls deeply but sometimes he wished for 
a little less upheaval. Still, if he had to choose between them and peacefulness 
he would choose them without a moment's hesitation. His family was THE priority 
in his life and they were as much family as his father and grandfather.

His thoughts turned back to Ryoko and Ayeka. If there was a way that those two 
could develop a closer friendship he would be profoundly grateful to the 
universe. It seemed that they spent most of their time trying to pull him in two 
different directions.

It was a problem with no readily apparent solution. A true conundrum. He had 
feelings for both of them. However, it was impossible to express those feelings. 
If he let them show then it was certain to hurt the other girl. "I would rather 
die than forsake any one of them," he had told Kagato. It was true then and it 
continued to be true.

<Sometimes it feels like I have to walk on a tightrope,> he thought. 

It seemed unfair to him. Here he was, a mere seventeen years old and he had what 
felt like the weight of the galaxy on his shoulders. Not only was he a prince of 
Jurai but also now the owner of the Master Key.  When added to the fact that he 
could also wield the Light Hawk Wings it all seemed so overwhelming for a mere 
Earth boy.

That two of the galaxy's most powerful beings wanted him for their own was 
almost insult to injury.

<It's not even fair,> Tenchi thought. <Why should I be able to handle all this 
when Ryoko and Ayeka obviously can't? And they're both older than me.>

It was true, they were both older than him and it was unquestionable that to 
date they had not handled their domestic situation very well at all. 

He knew for a fact that Ryoko was some five thousand years old. Ayeka he was 
less sure about. He knew that both Ayeka and Sasami had left Jurai about seven 
hundred years ago. However, it sounded like they had been some kind of stasis 
field on that long journey. He wasn't exactly sure but he knew that it was 
impossible for Sasami to actually be seven hundred years old. Even so, he was 
fairly certain that Ayeka was still significantly older than he was.

<And she's been training to rule Planet Jurai from childhood,> he mused. <If 
anyone should be able to deal with this situation it should be her.>

A love triangle with extra-terrestrial girls wasn't something that any seventeen 
year old male was prepared for, no matter how pretty the girls in question were.

Moreover, Ayeka came from a culture that practiced polygamous marriage. The idea 
of multiple spouses and love triangles should be old hat to her. If *she* wasn't 
handling this situation well then why the hell should *he* be expected to be 
able to do the right thing? Whatever that was.

Which begged the question; what *was* the right thing to do anyhow?

To chose one would be to stick a knife in the other's heart. Sometimes he wished 
he could chose them both, for the sake of expediency if for no other reason. But 
he knew that any attempt would end up a complete disaster. Besides, just the 
idea seemed wrong somehow.

When presented with the puzzle of the Gordian Knot, Alexander had used a direct, 
simple and elegant solution. He cut through it with a sword.

Tenchi had thought about a similiar solution to his own problem. There were 
plenty of girls at school. A few of them even seemed somewhat interested in him. 
Sakuya for example. She definitely seemed to like him. If he were to start 
seeing Sakuya then the whole love triangle would be out the window.

It was a direct, simple and elegant solution. It was also a terrible solution.

 Saying that Ryoko and Ayeka would both go ballistic was an understatement. 
There would be an ugly confrontation. A confrontation that Sakuya just might not 
survive.

Worse, he would being seeing Sakuya for the wrong reasons. She would merely be a 
means to an end. Being that underhanded was disgusting. Plus there was the fact 
that he would hurt not just one of the girls but hurt them both.

No, it wasn't a very good solution at all. Dating girls from school was out of 
the question.

<Great, I've come up with a bunch of ideas that *won't* work, now what about 
something that *will* work?>

Tenchi heaved a deep sigh. He had a feeling that there *wasn't* any ideas that 
would work. 








The two girls surveyed their handiwork. One with a certain amount of 
satisfaction and the other with a nearly equal amount of disgust.

"Now was that so bad?" Ayeka asked cheerfully.

"What is it with you and obsessive neatness?" Ryoko asked. "Doing chores is 
boring, yet you actually enjoy it."

"It's good for one's character," Ayeka responded primly.

"I like my character just fine, thank you," Ryoko said defensively.

"I'm sure you do," Ayeka said. "But what about Lord Tenchi? Did you ever stop to 
think that perhaps he doesn't appreciate lazy drunken space pirates?"

"I am not a lazy drunk!" Ryoko snapped. "Anyways, maybe Tenchi doesn't care for 
frigid stuck-up princesses."

"Frigid!?" Ayeka shouted. "I'll show you frigid!"

The two glared at each other, the tension almost becoming tangible. Ryoko's 
hands began to glow with energy while Ayeka summoned her power logs.

The sound of noisy throat clearing brought them back to reality. They turned to 
see a frowning Sasami glaring at them.

"I thought you two were friends now," the younger princess said accusingly.

The glow in Ryoko's hands faded as Ayeka's logs disappeared. They both looked at 
each other shamefacedly.

"I bet Tenchi would disappointed," Sasami said, turning her nose up and her back 
to them. She looked at them out of the corner of her eye to gauge their 
reaction.

The two girls were looking at the floor. 

"You're right,Sasami," Ayeka admitted. "We are being silly." She turned to 
Ryoko.  "Even if I think you're lazy drunk I should have refrained from saying 
so."

To Ryoko it sounded like a half hearted apology. She decided to return the 
favor."I shouldn't have called you frigid, even if that's what you are."

Sasami gave them a look of approval. "See, I just know you can be friends."

Ryoko yawned and then stretched.  "After all that housework I could use a nice 
long hot soak."

"That certainly sounds like a good idea," Ayeka agreed.

"Time's a-wasting," Ryoko said and grabbed Ayeka's arm.

"Ryoko, wait...."

The two faded from sight before Ayeka could finish her sentence.  





The two materialized in the floating onsen only to find it was occupied. Washu 
and Mihoshi were already bonelessly soaking in the hot water.

"But... but... I thought you were busy trying kill her," Ryoko said to Washu, 
pointing at Mihoshi.

"I got tired," Washu replied. "Besides, Mihoshi can really run."

"I always aced all the physical endurance courses at the Academy," Mihoshi said 
proudly.

A moment later a naked Ryoko slid into the hot water even as her now empty blue 
and yellow dress fell to the deck.

Ayeka stepped out of sight to undress and wrap herself in a large towel as was 
her usual habit.

<She's so predictable,> Ryoko thought as she watched Ayeka step into the water. 
<I almost feel sorry for her.>

"I'm glad you're here, Ryoko," Washu said. "What with Mihoshi doing her usual 
number on my equipment this morning I need to rescan Zero's memory again."

Ryoko favored Washu with a hostile glare. "Forget it, Washu. There's no way I'm 
stepping foot in your lab again."

"Ryoko, I wouldn't ask this if it weren't important," Washu told her.

"I really don't care how important it is," Ryoko replied. "There's no way I'm 
going back in there."

"But Ryoko...."

"I said no and I mean no!" Ryoko said loudly.

"But...." Washu pleaded.

"Miss Washu, you abused your trust with Ryoko," Ayeka told the red headed 
genius. "You have no one to blame but yourself for Ryoko's refusal to help you."

"Perhaps, but I'm afraid I must insist, Ryoko dear," Washu said, looking 
directly at Ryoko.

"What are you gonna do? Force me?" Ryoko asked with contempt.  She teleported 
onto the deck and slipped into her dress. Moments later she dissapeared from 
view.

Washu slumped down into the water. "Damn," she sighed sadly.

Ayeka gave Washu a look of sympathy. "This goes against my better judgement but 
I will speak to Ryoko for you. I still don't approve of your actions regarding 
Ryoko but I agree that personal feelings are of lesser importance than our 
safety."

"I don't know that it will do any good but thanks," Washu said.

Ayeka silently studied Washu before speaking. "I still owe you for your help 
with Ryu-oh's planter. You can consider it a partial payment on that debt."






Tenchi slipped out of his shoes as he walked through the front door. Once inside 
he saw that Sasami was on the couch watching tv.

"Where is everyone?" he asked.

"Hi, Tenchi," Sasami greeted, turning around to look at him. "I don't know where 
everyone is, sorry."

"In that case I'll be in my room," Tenchi said. If everyone was gone maybe he 
clould look forward to a few hours of peace and privacy inside the house. Soon 
enough he'd have some household crisis to deal with.

Once in his room he lay back on his bed.

<Working those fields is exhausting. I think I deserve a little rest. I'll just 
rest my eyes for a few minutes.>

Tenchi was snoring gently within minutes.







Ayeka muttered under her breath as she stubbed her toe on yet another rock. The 
search for Ryoko had taken a lot longer than she had anticipated. 

She cupped her hands to her mouth. "Ryoko! Ryoko! Where are you!? Can you hear 
me, Ryoko!?"  The princess sighed. She had promised Washu that she would speak 
to the blue haired pirate but she wasn't about to spend all night searching for 
the girl.

"Ryoko! Ryoko!" Ayeka paused and listened for a reply.  She was greeted by the 
normal sounds of the deep woods. <This is ridiculous. Why  would she be in these 
woods anyways?> she asked herself.

The princess turned to go back to the house when a sudden inspiration hit her. 
With a determined stride she made her way to a new destination.

Walking into the clearing at the cave entrence she immediately recognized the 
shock of spiky blue hair and it's owner.

"I would think this is a strange place to find you," Ayeka said as she drew 
closer to Ryoko.

"Ayeka, I would really like to be left alone," Ryoko said without turning to 
look at Ayeka.

"I would like nothing more than to leave you alone," Ayeka replied. "However, I 
need to talk to you about Washu's request."

"What about it?" Ryoko asked.

"Ryoko, I don't blame you for being angry at Washu," Ayeka said. "However, it's 
important for you to submit to Washu's brainscan."

"I already told you that I'm never going into Washu's lab again!" Ryoko yelled 
angrily.

"It's always about what you want, isn't it?"  Ayeka replied with disgust. "The 
truth is, we need the information that's hidden in that brain of yours. Whoever 
this Lady Tokimi is that sent Dr. Clay to kidnap Washu is someone who is very 
dangerous."

"Oh well, not my problem," Ryoko replied

"And if this mysterious Lady Tokimi comes after Tenchi?" Ayeka asked.

"Now why would she do that?" Ryoko said.

"I would think that his ability to generate the Wings of the Light Hawk would be 
reason enough," Ayeka answered.

"Damn you Ayeka! I don't want to have to go through that again," Ryoko said, her 
fists clenched as she remembered her helplessness in Washu's lab.

"But you will do it, right? For Tenchi's sake?"

Ryoko curled up and hugged her knees. "Yes, for Tenchi I'll do it," she said, 
her voice not much more than a whisper.

Ayeka lightly touched Ryoko's back for the merest fraction of a second. "Don't 
worry about Washu, I'll go with you. If she tries to humiliate you again then 
I'll deal with her myself."

"You'd do that for me?" Ryoko asked, somewhat shocked by the idea.

"Ryoko, I'm asking you to this as a favor to Washu," Ayeka explained. "If she 
uses this to take advantage of you again I will consider it to be a personal 
affront."

"Take advantage of me huh?" Ryoko all but snarled. "Don't worry about me, 
Princess. If she tries I'll make sure she regrets it for a long time to come."

"If Washu doesn't scare you then why the hesitation to go into her lab?" Ayeka 
asked.

"Being tied up in Washu's lab brought back some memories," Ryoko replied. 
"Memories I'd rather not remember. I'd rather not go through it again."

"Memories?" Ayeka asked.

"Of what I was before Tenchi rescued me from the cave." Ryoko answered.

"The Monster Woman," Ayeka stated. She remembered what Ryoko was like under 
Kagato's spell when Tenchi and his grandfather confronted the meglomaniac. It 
had been frightening to watch the normally willful space pirate behave like a 
mindless marionette.

"Seven hundred years as a ghost was almost as bad," Ryoko said.

"That's all behind you now," Ayeka said. "Nothing can bring it back. I doubt 
Tenchi would allow it. However, we need those memories of Zero's that you have 
locked inside your brain. If you won't do it for Washu then do it for Tenchi's 
sake."

"I would do anything for Tenchi," Ryoko stated plainly.

Ayeka remembered a determined Ryoko vowing vengeance on Kagato for Tenchi's 
death. She had indeed been willing to die to avenge Tenchi. Somewhere deep in 
her soul the princess knew that to live without Tenchi *was* death as far as 
Ryoko was concerned.

"I know you would," Ayeka told the blue haired girl.




Chapter Two - Part B: Bearers of Bad News




Marcus was finally facing that which fills even the bravest heart with an 
unreasonable dread. He had done everything in his power to avoid that which had 
opened it's devouring maw to crush him into nothingness. However, a man cannot 
avoid his fate. There comes a point in his life when he must face the 
inevitable. 

Marcus knew he couldn't put off mowing the lawn any longer.

< Well, it fills *my* heart with dread, anyways,> he thought.

With the air of a man who's wife had handed him a shopping list and fat handful 
of coupons to do the weekly grocery shopping, Marcus dragged into the light of 
day the ancient contraption that he infrequently used to make tall grass 
shorter. Next was the ritual of getting the thing started. Like most men in the 
Megaverse, Marcus was well aware of the fact that mowers past their warranty 
required a lot of coaxing. Usually in the form of curses and kicks.

Marcus flipped the start switch. Nothing happened. He reset it and flipped it 
again. Again nothing happened. Next came a solid kick to the engine housing. 
Still nothing. In frustration he punched the mower, following that up with a 
stream of profanity as he checked his hand for broken bones.

Finally, he managed to hit upon the right combination. He slammed his foot into 
the mower while screamimg, "Start, you stupid son of a bi...."

The mower started with a roar and a cloud of blue smoke.

Not wasting a moment, Marcus invaded the great untamed wilderness that was his 
yard. Unfortunately, the mower sputtered and died when it hit the wet grass and 
the expedition came to a halt almost as soon as it began.

As he was going through another round of the mower starting ritual he heard the 
sound of an approaching flitter. He stood up and watched as it came to a rest 
next to his own flitter on the shuttle pad.

Marcus glanced at his watch. <Hmmpphhh... not even nine o'clock. Talk about 
being indecently early.>

The passenger side door slid open and a figure wearing well polished chrome 
plated armor and a long charcoal grey cape emerged from the flitter's cockpit.

<Full senatorial regalia yet,> Marcus thought sourly. <He doesn't even *try* to 
restrain his impulse towards pomposity.>

Two more men who were obviously bodyguards emerged from the flitter.  Flanked by 
his bodyguards, the senator approached Marcus.  

"Isn't this a bit out of the way from your normal haunts, Lord Arkady?" Marcus 
said when the three men were close enough that he didn't have to shout.

Arkady ignored the question. "It is with regret that I must inform you that the 
Senate has decided not to renew your franchise with the Science Institute."

"Yeah, I'll bet you're real broke up about it," Marcus replied.

Arkady turned to one of the bodyguards who in turn handed him an envelope. 
Arkady held out to Marcus.

"This is your official notification of the Senate's decision," Arkady said as 
Marcus took the envelope.

Marcus looked the envelope over for a moment before letting it fall to the 
ground. "Was the ceremonial armor really necessary? he asked. "For that matter, 
was it necessary for you to hand deliver the notice? There must any number of 
ass-kissing yes men that you could have sent."

"As a representative of the Senate I felt it was my duty," Arkady told him.

<Sure, it has nothing to do with the fact that you wanted to personally rub it 
in my face.>

"Of course, nothing prevents you from maintaining your current arrangements with 
the Institute if you should obtain outside funding," Arkady continued.

Marcus chuckled. "Sure. Why not? I'm sure that there are financial houses all 
over the galaxy lined up to give me a loan."

"Well then, it should pose no problem to you," Arkady said.

Marcus turned back to the problem of the mower. "As much as I'd love to spend 
the day chatting with you I have full day of screwing around to do."  Marcus 
kicked the mower a few more times and tried to coax it back to life. 

The mower roared back to life, drowning the senator and his two bodyguards in a 
cloud of smoke. After the smoke had cleared Marcus made deliberate eye contact 
with Arkady and pushed the mower over the envelope he had dropped. Then he hit 
the kill switch.

"You can go to hell," Marcus said. "Along with the Senate. Now I want you to 
take your two goons and get off my property."

"Marcus, I realize you're a stubborn man," Arkady said as Marcus turned away. "I 
even admire you for it to a degree. However, even you must bow to the 
inevitable." 

"The inevitable, huh?"

"I know this will be hard for you to accept but you represent this planet's 
past," Arkady said to Marcus. "You are the very image of the Old Guard, right 
down to that ridiculous braid of yours."

"Ridiculous, huh!?" Marcus snarled.

"It hasn't been fashionable for centuries and yet you persist in wearing it like 
that," Arkady pointed out. "However, this isn't about how you choose to wear 
your hair. This is about living in the past as opposed to facing the future. 
It's plain to see that you're still living in the past."

"And you're so eager to forget the past, to forget history," Marcus retorted.

"There is a difference between remembering history and attempting to hold on to 
the past," Arkady replied.

"Of course, you represent this planet's future," Marcus said sarcastically.

Arkady chose to ignore the sarcasm. "I understand the need for progress. Not 
just on Consaeda but indeed on the galactic scale."

Marcus was about to reply when a low rumble announced an approaching shuttle 
dropping  from the sky. 

Craning his neck to watch the shuttle descending, Marcus could see that the 
shuttle belonged to the Science Institute. "This really is adding insult to 
injury," he muttered. 

"Is that...?"

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's Dr, Aurora," Marcus said, cutting Arkady off. "No 
doubt come to give me the good news."

Together they watched the shuttle settle on the pad.

"I thought you were leaving," Marcus said to Arkady.

"Yes, well it would be rude to leave without greeting Dr. Aurora," Arkady 
replied. 

<You're not fooling anyone with that,> Marcus thought snidely, as Arkady stared 
at Aurora climbing down from the shuttle's cockpit.

"Good morning," Aurora said, greeting the two men when she had made her way over 
to them.

"Good morning, Doctor," Arkady replied and bowed while Marcus rolled his eyes at 
the display. 

"I had no idea you two were close friends," Aurora said, giving Arkady a look.

"Actually, the good Senator was just leaving," Marcus told her.

Arkady gave Marcus an angry glance. "Apparently I have over stayed my welcome. 
All for the best I suppose. After all, I do have a full day ahead of me. Good 
day, Dr. Aurora."  He inclined his head to the curly haired doctor.

"And don't forget to take Thing 1 and Thing 2 with you!" Marcus called out as he 
watched the Senator walk away, trailed by his bodyguards.

"Why do you insist on always trying to provoke him?" Aurora asked.

"Same reason he tries to stick a knife in my back every chance he gets," Marcus 
replied. "Because he can."

"Let's forget all that," Aurora said. "I just wanted to see how you're doing. I 
figured you would have heard the news already."

"Yeah, the senator was kind enough to hand deliver the notice of the Senate's 
decision cut out the project's funding from the Institute budget," Marcus told 
her as he pointed at the pieces of the notice on the ground.

"You're taking this a lot better than I thought you would," Aurora told him.

"What? You were expecting me to shrivel up and die?" Marcus asked. "Sorry to 
disappoint you."

"So, what will you do now?" Aurora asked.

"I really don't know," Marcus answered. He looked at the villa and the 
surrounding property "I guess I'll work around here. It is looking a bit 
shabby."

Aurora let her gaze settle on the villa. "Shabby or not this place is still 
elegant. Still, it is a shame that you've let it go to pot. I hope you're 
serious about restoring your home to it's former condition."

"I have all the time in the world now. Thanks to you," Marcus said.

"What about money?" Aurora asked him. "Working on Summerhome will be costly. If 
you need a loan...."

"What?" Marcus snorted. "You'll give me a loan? Forget it. I refuse to owe you a 
thing. I'd rather see it a tumbled down wreck."

"I always wondered why you called this place "Summerhome"," Aurora said. "It's 
so damn cold here in the winter."

"Huh?" Marcus said, confused by the change in topic. "Um.... well it's a story 
that goes way back."

"I have all day to hear it," Aurora told him.

"Yeah, maybe some other day," Marcus said and turned his attention once again to 
the mower.

"Is that a internal combustion engine in that thing?" Aurora asked, looking at 
the contraption.

"Got it in one," Marcus confirmed.

"But the use of fossil fuels has been banned for centuries on this planet," 
Aurora said.

"Yup. Going to turn me in?" Marcus asked.

"I'm not that petty," Aurora replied.

"Could have fooled me," Marcus grumbled under his breath.

Aurora's eyes narrowed. "Well, I just came by to check on you. Since you don't 
seem suicidal I guess I can leave without worrying that someone will find you 
hanging from a tree limb with a note pinned to your shirt."

"As alway, your concern is touching," Marcus told her.

"Someday you'll see that I'm right," Aurora said. "Someday you'll understand 
that this is for the best."

"I'm sure I will," Marcus answered.

"Take care of yourself, Marcus," Aurora said.

After a several moments of silence Aurora turned away and walked to her shuttle.

Marcus watched as the shuttle took to the sky with a roar from it's powerful 
engines.

"You really don't know me at all if you think I'm going to give up merely 
because of those spineless cowards in the Senate," he said as the shuttle 
disappeared into the blue sky. "Now that I know those gems are in this reality I 
won't let anything stop me from finding them."





Aurora sat back in the pilot's seat and sighed.  "Marcus, not only are you a 
stubborn ass but you're a lousy liar as well."





Chapter Two - Part C: Service with a Smile




The Lady Tokimi glared at her chief subordinate, D3. "What were you thinking?" 
she hissed in anger. "A memory block based on a sequence of prime numbers!? Did 
you really think that it would be beyond Washu's capabilities to break through 
such a barrier?"

D3 bowed as low as he could possibly could. "Please, My Lady..."

"SILENCE!" Tokimi snapped. "Washu is the greatest scientific mind in *any* 
universe. Undoing the block you set up is child's play to one such as her. How 
dare you underestimate her prodigious mental faculties!"

"I beg your forgiveness," D3 said.

 "Only the Galaxy Police detective prevented our plans from falling into 
complete disarray," Tokimi told him. "I want you to always remember that from 
now on you owe your continued existence to a human."

"Yes, My Lady."

Tokimi studied him. "Your predecessors both failed me. You are merely the 
replacement of earlier chief servants. Never forget that you too can be replaced 
if need be."

"I will not fail you again, Lady Tokimi," D3 assured her.
