The characters in Tenchi Muyo! belong to AIC Pioneer, I'm just having some fun 
with them, so don't sue me. Only the characters, Kyokki, Kokuten and Tentousama 
belong to me and my imagination.

' ' : thinking
" " : speaking
* * : telepathic communication

Chapter 6: Eyes of the Wolf

	Kyokki was floating in a world of warmth and light, she felt surrounded by 
pillowy softness. She stretched and opened her eyes to find herself in a 
fabulous place, with rainbow light filling the skies, and she was indeed 
floating on a bed that seemed to be made of cloud, birds of flame filled the 
air. She looked around for a moment then sighed exasperatedly, "Really, father. 
Who are you trying to impress?" The fanciful scene quickly vanished and instead 
Kyokki found herself to be on a regular bed in a fairly normal room except with 
walls of shifting light. Her eyes sought her father and she found him seated by 
her bedside on a cushion of air. "I am already impressed by you father," she 
said, and turned over, still weakly, in the bed in order to hug him close.
	"I just like to give mine daughter the royal treatment," he said 
pleadingly. His eyes sparkled and his golden hair tossed in the non-existent 
breeze. Then he laughed, "You do not come to my house very often, you know." His 
arms wrapped around her, and they stayed like that for a long moment. Then he 
kissed her flaming hair and, taking her hand, sat back once again. "You were 
nearly gone when I took you, you know. You have been asleep for days. My days 
that is, on earth you have been gone for about, twenty-four hours. And you still 
have not fully recovered." He squeezed her hand, and in that gesture she felt 
all the worry he had experienced while she was fighting, and then while she 
recovered. "I am so proud of you." He said.
	"I was only fulfilling my purpose," she gently reminded him.
	He shook his head. "You did more than that," he explained. "When I made 
you, it is true that that was your intended purpose. But now, you aare so much 
more." She looked at him quizzically but he refused to explain further. 
	Then a sudden thought came to her, "Father, how is Katsuhito?" She asked 
desperately.
	A broad smile crossed Tentousama's face. "Ah, he is well. Though he misses 
you to the depths of his soul." His eyes turned distant, "I owe much to that 
young man."
	'Young?' Kyokki thought, but she remained silent.
	"He saved your life." The god continued, "With as much energy as you 
expelled, you would have been gone before I came. He sustained you."
	Kyokki remembered the flame in the darkness. She told her father. "I could 
remember... slipping away, into the darkness. Then there was a light, like a 
flame, and I moved towards it. When I touched it, it gave me enough energy to 
wake one last time. Was that he?" 
	"What did you feel when the flame touched you?"
	"Love, it filled every part of me."
	Tentousama smiled wisely, "then need you ask where it came from?"
	She smiled through the tears that filled her eyes, and Tentousama reached 
out and brushed them away from her face. "Can I see him?" she asked. In answer 
Tentousama pointed to a spot on the wall and the flame there stilled, then 
became clear. She saw Katsuhito sitting on the mountaintop, his back towards 
them, and knew that he was waiting for her. Then suddenly he stood and was 
facing them. But his face was not the one that she knew so well, he was young 
and handsome, the man in her dreams, and around him was a powerful aura. Yet she 
knew it was Katsuhito, for his eyes were exactly the same. She reached out her 
arm weakly and traced the curve of his face in the image, and he started, 
feeling her phantom fingertips. She gasped and let her hand drop. 
	All this time her father was watching her silently. "How," she asked 
chokingly, her eyes glued to the face of the man she loved.
	Her father replied quietly. "This window strips away all illusions. Here 
you are seeing the true form of the man. I tried to show him to you once, in 
your dream. Do you not remember?"
	Kyokki nodded, her eyes still on Katsuhito's face. She could see love 
there, and compassion, and wisdom, and strength and resolve as well as pain. 
"When can I go back?" she asked, turning to her father and finding him examining 
her intently.
	"When you are fully restored. Let us watch a while longer, I need your 
input on something." 
	"Yes, father." She agreed.
	They watched as Katsuhito made his way down out of the mountains and to 
the house where the rest of the family were eating a silent breakfast. Well, 
most of the family. Ayeka and Ryoko were going at it again, this time, luckily, 
outside of the house. 
	It was some trivial thing, but they both acted like it was a life or death 
matter, and with those two it usually turned out to be so. They saw Tenchi 
standing in between them, looking apprehensively from one girl to the other. 
	Through the window, Kyokki and Tentousama could see something that Tenchi 
could not. On Ryoko's face and on Ayeka's, they could see affection for the 
other woman, coupled with love for Tenchi and the need to keep him. Kyokki could 
see that each was afraid if the feeling were to be made known, the other woman 
would take advantage of it and steal Tenchi, so they were deadlocked. "We need 
to do something about this." Tentousama said. He looked at Kyokki, "the match 
between Tsunami and Tenchi is the most important, but these two are also 
essential. As long as they keep fighting like this, they will all remain apart."
	Kyokki saw Sasami standing on the deck of the house, looking at the three 
in the yard. Curiously mingled with her form was that of Tsunami. And Kyokki saw 
a great sadness on her face, and also her love for Tenchi and her affection for 
both Ayeka and Ryoko. I hurt Kyokki to see her so sad. "Yes, we must do 
something." She murmured, mulling over possibilities in her mind.

(On earth)
	Yosho wandered out of the mountains, his head spinning. He could have 
sworn, for a moment, that someone had touched his face. And he knew whose touch 
it was. He felt despair surge up through him; he loved another ghost it seemed. 
He walked down to the house where he saw a familiar scene. Ryoko and Ayeka were 
hovering in the air with Tenchi between them, desperately trying to calm them 
down.
	"Now, girls." He said quickly. "There is no need for this, Ryoko, I did 
not look at Ayeka longer than I did you, I swear." He could tell that his pleas 
for parlay were being ignored so he finally just slumped his shoulders and 
prepared for the coming onslaught. Ryoko and Ayeka were yelling earsplitting 
insults at each other as each worked herself up for the fight.

(Tentousama's house)
	"I think it is time for Tenchi to develop a little more backbone." Kyokki 
muttered. 
	"Agreed." Tentousama decided. Then he gave Tenchi a little nudge.

(Earth again)
	Tenchi straightened, and he stood as stiffly as a soldier at attention. 
"Girls," he said. They ignored him. "GIRLS" he said firmly, a bit louder this 
time. They continued ignoring him. Finally Tenchi bellowed "GIRLS." They both 
turned and looked down at him in surprise. "I have had enough of this." He said 
in a quiet but firm voice. "You know that I care for you both but frankly, this 
kind of behavior disgusts me. And every time you get into one of these senseless 
arguments it pushes me farther away. Is that what you want? I don't think so. 
But that is what is going to happen. Do you want to be old and gray and still 
fighting this same fight? I will not choose between you with both of you acting 
this way." He looked up at the now deflated women. "I will now leave, you may do 
what you want when I'm gone." With that he turned and walked back into the 
house, first pausing to place a reassuring hand on Sasami's shoulder. She gave 
him a small tense smile. Then he went up to his room. 
	Ryoko and Ayeka watched him as he left then turned back to stare at each 
other. They both floated down to stand upon the earth. They walked side by side 
to the lake and then into the onsen, where they stayed for several hours, 
talking quietly and seriously, each giving her best to open up to the other. 

(Tentousama's house)
	"That will be quite enough father." Kyokki said to the man, who was 
watching the two girls speculatively.
	"Ah, well." He sat back and the screen went blank. "That went rather well, 
did it not?"
	"Yes, fairly." Kyokki yawned. "I think things will be more peaceful on the 
whole, now.
	"I think you should go back to sleep." Tentousama said pointedly.
	As reply to his 'suggestion' Kyokki snuggled down amongst the downy 
bedclothes, "Put Katsuhito back on the screen," she said. After her father did 
as she asked, her eyes were glued to Katsuhito's face until she fell asleep. 
Tentousama looked down on his sleeping daughter for a while, then turned back to 
his window. He opened it in a different place and through it he watched Washu, 
no longer little Washu, for a while, a look of regret and wistfulness on his 
face.

(On Earth)
	Katsuhito ate a small meal under the watchful eyes of Sasami. He 
complimented her on it, as always. Then told her he was going to go back up to 
the temple. She nodded, and before he turned to go, she put a hand on his arm 
and hugged him soundly. When he looked down at her he was a bit surprised, her 
eyes were those of an old soul. Then she spoke, her voice low and melodious, 
	"She will return." And he knew that it was Tsunami speaking. Then her eyes 
changed and it was again Sasami looking back at him. "I love you, brother." She 
said.
	He reached down and gave her pigtail a tug. "I love you too, sister." Then 
he left.
	When he got back to the temple he headed towards his room to get some 
papers he had left there, he was preparing to bury himself in work to make the 
hours fly by more quickly. When he passed Kyokki's room he paused. It seemed 
that he had heard a noise, like the soft shuffle of footsteps padding across the 
floor. He listened a moment longer, and heard a soft whimper. Finally, not being 
able to stand it any longer he went over and slowly opened the door. There was 
nothing there. But the sense of Kyokki's presence filled the room. Everywhere he 
looked he could see her, in the slightly rumpled bedclothes, in the wide-open 
window and the small ornamental box on the sill. He walked over to the pallet 
and picked up the pillow. He held it to his face and inhaled the floral scent of 
her perfume. When he lifted his face again he noticed something else, the 
necklace she had always worn was sitting on the box in the window. He walked 
over and picked it up, peering at it closely. It seemed he saw something flicker 
in the depths, a small snatch of movement. Then the entire orb began to glow, 
and he thought he heard a low warning growl. Mystified, he lifted the orb to the 
window in order to better examine it. The orb glowed more brightly, and he felt 
himself being lifted of the floor.
	* Where is she * echoed in the vaults of his mind. * Where is she? She 
should have been back by now. I can smell her on you. You know where she is. *
	"Who are you?" Yosho gasped. 
	* I am behind you. *
	Yosho struggled to turn. When he finally did manage it, he saw behind him, 
glaring at him with baleful eyes, the form of a great wolf. His coat was sleek 
and black, and his eyes gleamed golden. Strangely, his left forepaw also seemed 
to glow with the same radiance as the orb Yosho still clutched in his hand. His 
teeth were bared and his hackles were raised.
	* Now, who are you? *
	"I am Katsuhito." Surprisingly, at this admission the wolf seemed 
relieved, and the force surrounding Yosho was dropped. Yosho landed clumsily on 
his feet. He turned to face the wolf, poised for battle.	
	* So you are the one. * The wolf sat down comfortably on his haunches. His 
tongue lolled out in a canine grin. * An interesting choice. *
	"Who are you?" Yosho inquired once again, deciding to ignore that 
statement.
	* I am Kokuten, my mistress' ship. * His head cocked to one side as he 
regarded Yosho, awaiting his reaction.
	"I see." Yosho said. Kokuten looked vaguely disappointed. "Sunspot?" He 
asked curiously.
	* It was my mistress' idea of a joke. She observed that humans named their 
canines 'spot' often. I am no regular canine. *
	Yosho chuckled. "And may I ask how you became Kyokki's ship?"
	Kokuten yawned, * it is a long story. * He turned around and settled 
himself down comfortably on the floor. * A long...* he stopped. * You may want 
to make yourself comfortable. * He recommended. Yosho nodded and settled cross-
legged down on the floor.
	* Anyway, a long time ago, as humans reckon time, when the men were still 
using weapons of stone, I was still a foolish young pup. Impressed by my own 
cleverness, I decided to go out hunting on my own. I saw the meat of a small 
warmblood and went over to investigate, only to find that it was a trap. I hung 
there, by my left forepaw, for two risings and settings of the sun. After the 
sun rose the third time, I despaired, for I knew I was going to perish in the 
foolish trap. Then I saw a flash of red among the trees, and I started to 
struggle, futilely. I thought it was the human who had set the trap. Then she 
glided into the clearing with all the grace of the best hunter in my pack, 
silent and barely denting the snow with her footsteps. She came up to me, and 
though I was almost dead, I still tried to bite her. But the moment she touched 
me I calmed down, and then she cut me down and laid me on the snow. She touched 
my lifeless paw and I could feel power surging through my wasted body. It did 
more than restore my body the power changed me. Before I could only think in 
terms of elementals, but after she healed me my thought changed. More than that, 
my body changed, I was more aware of every thing surrounding me, for miles and 
more. I don't think that she meant to do it but she seemed pleased with her 
work. Then she spoke to me and I could understand her, "What is your name, young 
pup." And what really amazed me was that she understood when I told her that I 
had not made my first kill, and was therefore, not yet named. She was satisfied 
with the answer and she asked, "Will you go back to your pack now?" I said that 
she was now my pack. She smiled at me and I was filled with joy. Then she 
explained what she had done. "I have changed you, I am different from all 
humans, now you are different from all wolves." She laughed. "Though that was 
not exactly what I intended to do." She told me to think of my den. Then told me 
to take her there. And we were there, instantly. I was amazed, and she told me 
that I could travel the stars in that way. Then she told me I could also change 
my form, and said to imagine a giant bubble, then to imagine myself as that 
bubble. I did and I was. I changed back and she said to try one more shape. 
"Make yourself human." She commanded. I was a little disturbed at that, humans 
were not very attractive to me. I changed, but kept my ears and nose and fur, I 
wasn't about to walk about naked. She fell on the ground laughing but recovered 
herself quickly. And after she walked around me a few times, she decided that 
she liked this form just as well. I wagged my tail. We stayed together for many 
years. I was never apart from her. Then the sickness came, and she was forced to 
use her power again. Things changed after that, humans looked at her with awe 
mixed with suspicion. Some revered her as a goddess other reviled her as a 
witch. Finally she could not take it anymore, and we left. I took the form of a 
ship and we traveled the stars, just as she said we could eons before. *
	"How long ago was that?" Yosho asked. 
	* Well, I seem to remember her saying something about a Roman...emperor? 
Just before we left. Maybe 2100...years. Is that the right word? *
	"Yes it is." Yosho said, and sat back. "So now I know who you are. But why 
did Kyokki never mention you to us, why did she keep you in the crystal?"
	* She wanted you to think of her as a normal human, humans usually do not 
have wolves that can turn into spaceships trotting along behind them, now do 
they? *
	Yosho shook his head. "Well, you would like to come down now? I don't 
think anyone will be too disturbed by your presence."
	* Do you think so? Maybe I should wait here for my mistress. *  He whined 
uncertainly. 
	"I don't think that she would mind." Yosho assured him, and in reply the 
great wolf stood up and walked to the door. Yosho followed and opened it. Then 
they both walked down the stairs to the house. When they reached the clearing at 
the foot of the stairs, they found that Sasami had assembled a picnic, and 
everyone was lounging around, talking. Yosho noticed absently that Tenchi was 
seated between Ryoko and Ayeka, as usual, but this time the girls weren't 
fighting. They were actually talking civilly to each other, though they both 
wore bemused expressions on their faces. Washu was absent, and he figured that 
she must be in her lab, as usual. Mihoshi and Noboyuki sat somewhat apart, 
whispering quietly to each other. Sasami and Ryo-Ohki, who was in her human 
form, she had graduated from toddler to adolescent, he noted, were playing a 
game of tag, darting happily back and forth across the lawn.  Then Ryo-Ohki 
noticed Yosho and dashed towards him, laughing. Then she stopped, wide-eyed as 
she saw who was with him. The wolf was sitting quietly next to Yosho, his eyes 
calmly regarding all the activity. 
	* Who is that lovely creature, * he asked Yosho, his eyes fastened on Ryo-
Ohki. 
	"That is Ryo-Ohki." Yosho informed him. 
	The wolf looked up at him in confusion, * but Ryo-Ohki is a small 
rodent/cat. This is a beautiful young girl. *
	"Ryo-Ohki can take many forms, just as you can. She is also a spaceship." 
	* How intriguing. *
	"Who is this grandfather?" Sasami had raced up after Ryo-Ohki and was 
regarding the wolf in delight. The others were also looking over at them 
curiously. 
	"This is Kokuten, he is Kyokki's ship." Yosho answered. 
	"He's beautiful!" Sasami, Mihoshi, and, surprisingly, Ayeka squealed and 
they all rushed over to pet him. 
	"I don't know if that's such a." he stopped as Kokuten gave him a warning 
look. And as the girls petted him he sat patiently with a soft look in his 
golden eyes. Then he licked their faces, quite deliberately, with his long, wet 
tongue. The girls laughed and then backed away. Ryo-Ohki came hesitatingly 
forward, and as she held out her hand to pet him, the wolf suddenly shimmered. 
Then standing in his place was a human looking young man, except with short 
black fur covering his body, two very pointy ears, a black nose, and a long 
bushy tail. As a covering, he wore a blue robe. The young girl gasped. 
	"Hello, beautiful." The wolf/man said in a deep and gentle voice. 
	"Hello." Ryo-Ohki squeaked.
	Kokuten looked around, "Is there anything to eat?  I'm absolutely 
famished."
	Everyone laughed.
	"What's so funny?" Kokuten asked, confused. They just laughed harder. 
	"I don't suppose you like carrots?" Tenchi asked. 
	That night Yosho returned to the temple to try and get some sleep. Kokuten 
had reverted to his wolf form and was raving about Ryo-Ohki as he padded along 
behind him. 
	* Did you see her fur, just lovely, glowing like chestnuts, it was. * 
Yosho nodded silently. Kokuten stopped walking. * You are worried about her. *
	"Aren't you?" Yosho asked, also stopping and turning to face the wolf, 
whose eyes glowed in the moonlight.
	* No, she will come back, she always does. * Kokuten said. * You love her 
deeply, and she returns the feeling. I know, she told me. *
They entered Yosho's room and, after undressing, the man climbed beneath his 
blankets. Kokuten curled up beneath the window. * She is with her father, * the 
wolf stated suddenly. His eyes burned golden and wise.
Yosho sat up, "You know that?"
	* Of course, the being of light came and took her while she was still 
alive. That was her father. I can see great distances, do you remember? I wonder 
why she hasn't come back yet though. That's why I was so rough with you before, 
I was worried. I am not worried any longer. She will come back. * Then the wolf 
closed his golden eyes and fell asleep.
	It took Yosho a lot longer to banish his demons, and when he slept, his 
dreams were uneasy. He awoke again a few hours before dawn.



 

