Disclaimer: These aren't mine. There someone else's. So there.
Short Summary: The girls must go back to there old lives now that Tenchi has
died.
But, what about Ryoko? Will she go back to being a pirate?
Regular/by Rion
Without Tenchi CH. 1: Ashes to Ashes

"Ashes to Ashes, Dust to Dust"
"Dear lord, let this boy finally rest."
These were the words recited at the funeral that was the beginning of the
end
of the
girls life. They mourned and mourned over the death of there beloved.
Ayeka:" This can't be! NO!! I'm dreaming! Tenchi isn't dead! Not my lord
Tenchi!"
Yosho:" Tenchi was born with a good heart and died with one. He is a great
hero to
all."
Mihoshi:" I can't believed he sacrificed his life for Ryoko's!"
Kioyne:" Speaking of Ryoko, where is she?"
Ayeka:" You'd think shed be kind enough to come to Tenchi's funeral. He did
save
her! Why did he waste his life on her!"
Sasami:" That's it Ayeka! All you can think of is why Tenchi did it? But I
know. He
loved Ryoko. Not deeply but the same way he loved all of us. He'd have done
the
same if it were Ryo-oki!"
Nobiyuki:" She's right. Tenchi has never been one to stand around and watch
a
disaster. He may not be completely brave, be he will take action!"
Everyone stares at the ground for there final prayers and begin to leave.
Ayeka catches
a glance of Ryoko, never seeing her like this, standing there, not a single
emotion on
her face. She wondered what Ryoko was thinking. She then walked to the
flight
of
steps to her now temporary home. For all the girls had decided to go on with
there old
lives. Ayeka and Sasami return to Jurai. Mihoshi and Kioyne return to
headquarters
for new assignments in a different place. Washu go build a space station to
set up her
own lab there. She had invited her daughter to come but she declined. Ryoko
didn't
know what to do. So, the girls said there final good-byes, getting a copy of
a photo so
as not to forget each other and promised to visit once in a while.
(From all down hill this is about Ryoko.)
Ryoko: 'What will I do? I have caused my dear Tenchi to die and now I'm
alone. How
could I let Tenchi do that! He shouldn't have been there! I could have
defeated that
guy. But, I was more clumsy than Mihoshi in there. I let my guard down and
Tenchi
took the bullet or sword actually. That monster! I paid him back! But,
that's
all I could
do for him. Now I have to move on. But, should I return to being a space
pirate and
break my promise to Tenchi? NO! NEVER! I will keep all things Tenchi has
asked.
But, then I don't know what to do?'
Ryoko walks towards the royal tree. She begins to wept for Tenchi. When her
tears
touch the water, the tree glows blue. She then walks to Tenchi's grave. She
looks
down at the tombstone. A group picture is beside it.
Ryoko: Pictures of Tenchi flash through her mind like a tape. "TENCHI YOU
FOOL!
YOU DIDN'T NEED TO DIE FOR ME! YOU COULD HAVE LIVED! WHY DID
YOU LEAVE TENCHI! COME BACK PLEASE! I'M LOST WITHOUT YOU!"
Ryoko collapse on the grave by Tenchi's tomb. She pulls her head up at the
sound of a
voice.
Tenchi Voice: "Live on Ryoko. Live on."
Ryoko stands. The wind brushes her cyan hair gently. She finally manages to
crack a
smile as she notices her pet Ryo-oki. She has her head tilted in sadness.
Ryoko:" It will be okay now. I have decided what to do."

Ashes to Ashes
Dust to Dust
Next Chapter: 'The Decision'
Authors Note: Like it? Also, I'll begin and end every chapter with the same
quote.