Yep, this is it. Tenchi Muyo! is owned by AIC pioneer. This rends my very soul 
but I must concede that it is true. Oh, pain, pain, your golden needles do wound 
my heart, with evidence of things unseen and unattainable. Happiness but comes 
between the pinpricks, and this only serves to make the agony even greater. 

...Where was I? Oh, right, don't sue me, kay?

' ' : thinking
" " : speaking


Final Chapter: Under Golden Skies



	The only music to accompany their wedding was the sleepy song of waking 
birds and the soft whisper of the breeze as it drifted through the waving grass. 
	The stars grew dim as the sky gradually lightened into a soft pink hue, 
only the morning star, Venus, stayed bright and glimmering as it stood silent 
watch over the waking earth. The spaceship tree stood solemn in the middle of 
her softly rippling lake, her leaves dancing in contrast to her stalwart 
posture. 
	Yosho stood somewhat nervously near the shore, constantly glancing up at 
the tree as though in need of her reassuring presence. Next to him stood Tenchi 
and Noboyuki, both in Jurian robes, borrowed from Azusa and altered with Ayeka's 
needle. With them was Kokuten, in his wolf form. Azusa, looking a bit petulant 
about the whole thing, stood a bit further to the side. Opposite them, Mihoshi, 
Ryoko, and Ayeka stood, lovely in gowns of pale green satin, with flowers 
crowning their hair. Yosho noticed that Tenchi and Noboyuki were unable to take 
their eyes off of them. Washu stood somewhat behind them, also gowned in green, 
but in a darker hue that matched her eyes perfectly. 
	Yosho wondered why they weren't getting on with it, but he supposed that 
they were waiting for some obscure cue to tell them when the time was right. He 
was not mistaken. When the first sliver of sun appeared in the east, the figures 
of Misaki and Funaho emerged from the forest, they were followed by Sasami and 
Ryo-Ohki, who were both garbed in white. The two young girls carried baskets 
full of cherry blossom petals, which they used to carpet the grass. As the first 
rays of sunlight entered the clearing, so did Kyokki, her hair loose and flowing 
down her back. She was dressed in the same robes that she had worn the day 
before but as she stepped into the sun the rays wrapped around her in a 
shimmering cloth of gold. When the light dissipated she was transformed, instead 
of the robes, she wore a long flowing gown that puddled the ground around her 
feet with golden silk. Attached to her wrists and shoulders was a cape of 
softest rose and across her forehead was a tiara of gold made to emulate the 
twisting branches of the Tokoshie ring. 
	Yosho was struck speechless at the sight of her; so awestruck was he that 
he didn't notice a new presence at his shoulder until it made a small noise. He 
glanced over and saw the man he had seen in the mists, Kyokki's father, his 
sapphire eyes dancing and his golden hair tossing in the wind. Kyokki reached 
them and leaned over to kiss her father's cheek. 
	"Hello daughter, may I say that I have good taste in clothes?" He asked 
softly.
	She laughed, "Yes, you may."
	The god turned to Yosho, "My son, it is good to finally meet you face to 
face." He winked and Yosho knew it was time. He turned to Kyokki and looked 
deeply into her eyes, then, for the last time, he shed his disguise, and 
standing before the assembled was Crown Prince Yosho, looking exactly as he did 
on the moment he had left his home planet to fight Ryoko. 
	Ayeka gasped, as did everyone else, with the exception of Funaho, who 
looked rather smugly at her handsome son. Yosho glanced back at the beaming god. 
	"Let us get started," Tentousama said. 
	"Here in the sight of witnesses and a holy tree, two have come." His voice 
rolled across the clearing. "They have come of their own will to declare their 
intention to remain together for all of eternity. Kyokki-sama, is this why you 
have come?" 
	"It is, and with my fullest heart I wish it." She said strongly. Funaho 
produced a handkerchief for the sniffling Misaki.
	"Yosho Jurai, is this why you have come?"
	"It is, and to my deepest soul I wish it." Yosho replied in his soft 
voice.
	"These two have declared their intentions rightly. Kyokki-sama, raise the 
hand upon which the oath of undying love rests." Kyokki raised her left hand. 
"Yosho Jurai, raise the hand which hath given this token." Yosho raised his left 
hand. " Now place the palms of these hands together as your hearts and souls 
always shall be." The couple's eyes shone with unshed tears as their palms 
pressed together. "Kyokki-sama, do you hereby pledge, upon this oath and upon 
this holy tree, that your heart, soul, and life will belong to Yosho Jurai for 
as long as you live."
	"I do," she stated firmly.
	"Yosho Jurai, do you hereby pledge, upon this oath and upon this holy 
tree, that your heart, soul, and life will belong to Kyokki-sama for as long as 
she lives." 
	Kyokki looked at her father sharply as Yosho responded, "I do."
	"Now do I call upon this holy tree to bless the union of these two souls, 
and to bind them together for all of eternity." They all looked at the tree 
Funaho. A tiny beam of light came from one of her leaves and chimed off of the 
silvery water, then another, then another, until the whole tree was surrounded 
by iridescent light. As the light formed, the ring on Kyokki's finger began to 
glow, and tiny branches sprouted and twined around Yosho's. When the light 
filled the sky with a brilliant tower of color, there were two rings, identical. 
One was to be worn by Kyokki for the rest of her life, and one was to be worn by 
Yosho. When the tower of light faded away, leaving only the soft tones of 
chiming bells filling the clearing, Tentousama stepped forward and took the 
couple's hands between his own. "These two are truly joined and blessed, may 
they know eternal happiness." He smirked, "And now shall I give my gift to the 
happy couple." 
	From the spot where the god's hand touched his own Yosho felt pervading 
warmth. It spread through his entire body, filling him with wonder. When the god 
removed his hand, Yosho stared at Kyokki in awe; he could see a line connecting 
them.
	Kyokki laughed in delight, "I told you father would take care of it." She 
threw her arms around the startled man's neck and kissed him soundly. 
	Later, they all went over to the house. Along the way, Kyokki explained to 
Yosho what her father had done. "You see, when he had us give our oaths, he 
changed it a bit. He said 'for as long as she lives.'"
	Yosho was still confused, "And that means?"
	"I am an immortal, silly." She reached up and touched his cheek fondly. 
"When father gave you a bit of his power, all it did was make it so you would 
live as long as I, forever." 
	Yosho stopped walking and turned to face her, her took her gently in his 
arms. 
	"Forever, I like the sound of that." She smiled up into his handsome face 
as he smiled down at her pale loveliness.

	Behind them Tentousama stood facing Washu. He opened his arms, and she 
hesitated not a moment before flying into his embrace.





Epilogue

	Somewhere deep in space, in another dimension, one awoke. 'What is this I 
feel' the figure mused, her face expressionless. 
	D3 shimmered into visual form, "It is coming from colonized planet 0315. 
The same planet where dwells the boy who can command the lighthawk wings." D3 
paused, "Has something changed, Lady Tokimi?" 
	"Yes, a new factor has entered the picture." She thought, on that higher 
dimensional plain, looking to past, present and possible future. "The child, man 
and god, will be born. She may be able to summon the wings as well." Lady Tokimi 
turned her eternally youthful face to the sky. "Do not change the plan, the 
future may yet be changed."
	"Yes, mistress." D3 shimmered back into the depths of space. 
	Tokimi stayed a while longer, the profiles of her sisters glowing brighter 
for a moment. 'Sisters, why do you fight me?'

Fin.


Afterword 

Hi all, this is the author speaking. I hope that you have enjoyed my story, as I 
sure enjoyed writing it. I know that this last chapter is short, and if you feel 
cheated by the ending e-mail me and I'll make one up and send it to you. But 
really, I could have gone on with this but I felt that I needed to end the story 
where I did. If you wish me to continue with this series, again, e-mail me.

Questions, comments, and concerns can be sent to kyokki21@yahoo.com. You can 
also send angry rants but I have it on good authority that they will be ignored.

Watch for my next project, Every Princess Needs a Knight. 


