This fic is dedicated to a very special woman in my life. Meg, I can't 
write poetry to save my life, so this is how I decided to express 
myself. With all my love, I want to wish you a Happy Valentine's Day. 
Enjoy the fic.



With All my Love
	By Cav



	"Aeka! Watch what you're doing!" Sasami barked at her sister as 
she saw the pot starting to overflow. Aeka meanwhile was scrambling to 
get the pot off the stove before any more damage was done. Picking up 
the pot, she realized one small mistake. "Too hot!" she yelled out as
she threw the pot across the kitchen, sending it crashing into the 
fridge and spilling the contents all over the floor. 
	Meanwhile, watching the whole comical display, Ryoko burst into 
laughter at the princess's misfortune. "Smooth move, your highness."
	Letting out a bit of a snarl, Aeka turned her head away from her 
rival and walked towards the counter to get some paper towels. "At
least I'm doing something for Lord Tenchi, unlike you who won't even 
respect his customs and traditions."
	Staring at her puzzled, Ryoko looked down at the brownish liquid 
on the floor, trying to figure out what Aeka had meant. "Traditions?"
	"You... you mean you don't even know... eep!" Aeka let out a 
startled cry as she realized her mistake.
	"Know what?" Ryoko asked with a mischievous look, turning her head 
towards Sasami and flashing her a smile.
	"Sorry, Aeka. You should've kept quiet," Sasami said as Aeka let
out a frustrated sigh and started to mumble to herself for her mistake. 
"Tomorrow is Valentine's Day."
	"Valentine's Day?" Ryoko inquired curiously.
	"Uh huh!" Sasami answered enthusiastically. "It's an Earth 
tradition, although they celebrate it differently in Japan than other 
countries. You can make chocolates and other candy and food for your 
male friends and colleagues. And if you want, you can confess your love 
to someone too. Then on White Day, the men give gifts back to the women
who gave them gifts on Valentine's Day and can reply to any confessions 
of love."
	Teleporting behind Aeka, Ryoko put her hands on the princess's
shoulders and whispered into her ear. "I wonder if her highness is
giving Tenchi something out of honor or... could it be love?" she asked 
in a playful tone.
	Aeka replied by swatting the demon away from her. Looking towards 
the younger princess with a smile, Sasami answered for her. "She's 
planning to confess her love," she let out with a sigh.
	"How could you tell her that?!" Aeka barked at her sister.
	"Oh come now princess. There's nothing to be worried about... 
except complete and utter rejection."
	"Hmmph." Collecting her pride again, Aeka finally found a retort. 
"Well it'll certainly speak volumes of your so called affections for him 
when you don't even bother to make anything. Meanwhile, come White Day, 
Tenchi will be confessing his love to yours truly! OH HO HO HO HO"
	Getting extremely aggravated, Ryoko glared at the violet-tressed 
princess. "Tenchi would never confess anything to you!"
	"Is that so?" Aeka asked with a grin on her face. "Well how will 
he ever confess anything to you when you aren't even trying?" 
	"I don't need this," Ryoko said with contempt as she made her way 
out of the kitchen.
	Posing triumphantly, Aeka turned to Sasami. "Let's get back to 
work!" she proclaimed enthusiastically.
	Sasami sighed. "Well you know what they say... eighth time's a 
charm..."


	"Looking for something?" came the inquiring voice of the petite 
scientist. Ryoko stopped in mid-air and turned to face her mother.
	"What makes you think that?" Ryoko replied.
	Smiling a bit, Washu answered her "Well... you just did have a 
squabble with Aeka. I'm willing to bet you want to one up her on this 
Valentine's Day thing. Am I right?"
	Lowering her head, Ryoko responded with an annoyed tone of voice,
"What's it going to cost me?"
	"Oh... nothing much..." Washu said in an easy-going voice.
Just..."
	"Just what?" 
	"Just... call me "MOM"!" the petite scientist said as her eyes 
sparkled with amusement. 
	Grumbling to herself, Ryoko knew her mother had her. "All right... 
mom," she said, quite disgusted at having to lower herself to this. 
Without warning, Washu shoved a piece of candy in Ryoko's mouth and 
forced her to swallow it. "What the hell was that?!" Ryoko roared at her
 mother.
	"Oh... I just disabled the part of your taste buds that prevents 
you from having to detect totally disgusting and somewhat poisoness 
foods."
	"YOU WHAT?!" 
	"Well... Ryo-Ohki found out what you were planning and is 
currently in hiding for the next day or so. Thus, you have to act as 
your own taste tester."
	Ryoko turned absolutely white. She didn't even bother to notice
her mother leaving.
	"Just enter the lab, turn left, go down three doors, and you'll 
find the kitchen. Make sure to clean up when you're done Little Ryoko."


	<How bad could it be?> Ryoko thought to herself, holding a
spoonful of "chocolate" a few inches from her mouth. Citing a Shinto 
prayer that Tenchi had taught her, she brought the spoon to her mouth and 
tasted the contents. <Hmm I can't taste anything... something's wrong 
here.> It was then that she realized the problem: the "chocolate" had 
apparently melted her tongue. Sighing to herself she felt her healing 
system kick in and replace it. <Melts your mouth, not your hand?> she 
thought to herself with a small pitiful laugh. "Might not be a good idea 
to give Tenchi that batch, " she said as she dumped the pot into the 
"bio-hazard" container that Washu had left for her. "Here we go 
again..."


	Staring at the screen, Washu shook her head in disappointment. 
Her apparent act of charity towards Ryoko was actually part of her 
latest experiment; testing to see if someone completely incapable of 
cooking anything edible can learn to cook in a single day under extreme
circumstances. The dollar signs flashed by her as she began to think of 
the marketability of such a guide to cooking! Finally something she 
could sell on this planet. Of course, this assumed that Ryoko had any 
chance of learning how to cook sometime today, which wasn't very likely
at the current rate. 
	"Don't you understand what it means by a pinch of salt?!" she 
hollered at the screen...


	If at first you don't succeed, try try again. If twenty attempts 
later you're still not succeeding, it's time to give up. That was pretty
much how Ryoko felt right about now. <This is hopeless,> she thought to 
herself. Worst of all, it was only a few hours until Valentine’s Day. 
Looking down at the mold that she was using to make the chocolates, she 
admired the fact she at least did a good job on that end. Walking 
towards the stove, she looked at her twenty-first attempt at trying to 
make edible chocolate. 
	"Here goes nothing," she said to nobody in particular. Dipping the 
spoon in, Ryoko brought the spoon up to her mouth and slowly, while 
praying for her mortality, tasted the contents. "It’s actually good!" 
she triumphantly proclaimed as she realized that it wasn’t actually 
that bad.
	Picking up the pot, she carried it over to the counter and set it 
down on a hot plate. Pouring some of the chocolate into the mold for a 
test run, she was pleased to see it actually was working. "Alright time 
to turn off the stove," she said, still with the proud tone of voice f
inding it’s way into her speech. As she reached the stove, she didn’t 
even have time to react as an explosion threw her across the room and 
knocked her unconscious...

	Opening her eyes slowly, Ryoko looked around to realize she was in
the medical center of Washu’s lab. "Good, you’re finally awake," she 
somehow heard through the ringing in her head. 
	"Ow," she let out rather weakly. 
	"Oh quit milking it. You’re tougher than that." Washu typed a few 
keys on her holo-computer and finished checking up on her daughter’s
current state.
	"What..."
	"What happened you ask? Well, basically, it seems that the 
combination of the "hazardous" material you were making, along with the 
fact you were pushing that stove to the limit, topped off with a small 
mistake I made when I constructed the stove... and it was a very small 
mistake!" Washu said defensively.
	"Get to the point!" Ryoko yelped.
	"Well... the stove exploded."
	"WHAT?!"
	"Mmm hmmm. You’ve been out for the last day or so. And I’m sorry 
to say there wasn’t much salvageable from the explosion, although I did 
finish this one," she said as she held in her hand a very sad looking 
chocolate figurine that was supposed to look like Ryoko. 
	<Well at least something... oh no!> "Almost a day?! What time is 
it?!" Ryoko screeched.
	"It’s eleven fifty-eight and thirty nine seconds at night on 
February fourteenth..."
	"Oh no!" the cyan-haired woman exclaimed as she hopped out of the
bed. "Give me that," she barked at her mother, then quickly flew towards
the exit to the lab.
	"Young fools in love..." Washu thought to herself.


	Teleporting into Tenchi’s room, Ryoko head sank as she saw 
Tenchi’s sleeping form in his bed. <I’m too late...> The horrible truth 
set into her. Looking over towards Tenchi’s desk, she saw the various 
boxes of candy that must’ve come from the other girls. There was an 
extremely tasty looking batch of cookies that were from Sasami. Sitting 
next to it was a box of heart-shaped caramel-filled chocolates from 
Mihoshi, which had to be store bought. Sitting next to that, was a 
platter of small chocolate lollipops in the face of Aeka...
	"She beat me," the saddened girl whispered. Placing the chocolate 
figurine that was supposed to be her down on the desk, she looked at the 
card Aeka had given alongside her present. With shaking hands, she read 
the words and then quickly dropped the card back onto the desk. Aeka had 
done exactly as she said she would.
	With a quick teleport over to Tenchi’s bedside, Ryoko looked down 
at the boy. Tears began to form in her eyes. "I... I wanted to finally 
show you my love too..." she whispered. Her words were filled with 
sadness. The tears fell down and splashed against his face. "All I 
wanted was for one chance to show you... show you how much I love 
you..." Turning around, she started to leave. "I’m sorry you won’t...
you won’t get to see how I feel..."


	White Day; it had finally come. An entire month had passed. It 
was the most agonizing month Ryoko could remember in her entire five 
thousand years of existence. A very slow and very torturous wait for 
Tenchi to tell Aeka he loved her. That’s what was going to happen. She 
just knew it. How could he possibly even know Ryoko’s feelings? After 
all, how would Tenchi ever know she loved him when Aeka was the only one 
to confess her feelings? 
	And Ryoko had tried. For the last month she had tried to work up 
the courage to tell him, to try to make things right. The words just 
didn’t come though. 
	"Aeka! Ryoko! Could you come in here?" Tenchi yelled out. <Well I 
guess this is it,> Ryoko thought to herself. <Time to go get the knife 
stabbed right through me.> 
	Teleporting into the living room, she watched Aeka coming down the 
stairs and entering the room. Tenchi stood there awaiting the two girls. 
His hands were behind his back. "Happy White Day!" he proclaimed.
	"Thank you, Lord Tenchi!" Aeka responded with a giddy tone. Ryoko 
could tell she was convinced she had won.
	"Thanks, Tenchi," Ryoko said somewhat lamely. 
	Bringing his arms around to the front, he had in his hands two 
heart-shaped boxes. "This one’s for you, Aeka," Tenchi said as he handed 
her the box. "And this one’s for you, Ryoko." As he handed her the box, 
he gave her a wink and a big smile. She looked perplexed at him. 
	Turning around, Ryoko took the card off of her candy box. "Thank 
you, Lord Tenchi!" Aeka proclaimed as she ran up to him and gave him a 
peck on the cheek. <Someone please shoot me.> Feeling a tap on her 
shoulder, she turned around. "Look, Ryoko! Look at the card Tenchi gave 
me!"
	Looking at the card, Ryoko prepared for the worst. She started to 
read aloud. "Thanks for the chocolates. You’re really special to me. 
Happy White Day..." <Wait a minute...>
	"Isn’t it so romantic?" Aeka whispered into Ryoko’s ear. Taking 
the card back from Ryoko, Aeka headed back up the stairs, proud as a 
peacock.
	Still a bit taken aback, Ryoko opened her card. Tears began to 
stream down her face as she read the most beautiful words she had ever 
seen. "I love you too." Turning around, she ran into Tenchi who was 
standing in front of her now. 
	"I guess sometimes things work out differently then you expect 
them to," Tenchi whispered into her ear. "Happy White Day, Ryoko."
	Ryoko fell into his embrace as the biggest smile she had ever 
had crept onto her face. Bringing her face up to meet his, his eyes 
penetrated directly into her. Wiping the tears from her face with his 
hand, he smiled at her. Slowly moving towards each other, their lips 
met. 