This is my first fanfic, so please, be gentle. Kyokki is my own creation, while 
the other characters are owned by AIC Pioneer. So don't sue me or anything, I'm 
a student and as such am broke.
Enjoy.
 '   ' : thinking
 "   "  : speaking

With the Sunrise

Chapter 1: For Love of Yosho


	It was a cool morning in the first crisp days of spring. The filmy mist 
rising from the dew laden grass promised of a warm afternoon, but in the time 
before the sun rose the air was still frigid. A freshening breeze stirred the 
newly born leaves and caused the blown cherry blossoms to drift ahead of it. In 
the middle of the lake the spaceship tree Funaho stood silent and solemn as the 
wind ruffled through her branches. 
	It was a peaceful pre-dawn morning at the Masaki shrine. And within the 
shrine Yosho Jurai, erstwhile Katsuhito, awoke on his pallet, surrounded by a 
sense of well being.  He flipped off his light blanket and strolled to the 
window, refreshed by the feel of the cool breeze against his bare skin and the 
scene of early morning softness before him. He smiled gently. Then his face was 
enveloped in a huge yawn and he stretched languishly, idly scratching at the 
taught tanned skin over his sleekly muscled stomach. Satisfied that all was 
right with the morning, he spun and stalked with leonine grace back into his 
room to dress.
	Meanwhile, in the mountain range rising up out of the forest that 
surrounded the shrine, a woman stood. Atop a cliff, she stood facing the east, 
waiting, waiting for something. Her face was one of timeless beauty surrounded 
by masses of flame red hair that contained streaks of gold and ginger and flowed 
like a river down her back, nearly touching the ground. Within her face her 
large sapphire eyes glowed with an inner light. 
	Hinode Ichizo stood motionless, with her sun colored kimono shifting and 
tossing in the breeze that had swept up into the mountains. Her ageless face 
calm, she lifted her hands, raised palm up as though in supplication, to greet 
the first rays of the rising sun as they broke the horizon, tuning the mist 
blanketing the valley into a symphony of light and color. As the first ray 
reached her it seemed to wrap itself around the girl and caress her, and she 
stood in a glory rivaling the sun. Thus the daughter of the sunrise said good 
morning to her father.
	As the last of the sun cleared the line of mountains, burning off the mist 
that still clung to the earth, she lowered her hands. She then cast her eyes 
downward into the valley below and surveyed the beauty of the dawn cast shadows. 
A small smile graced her face, turning her loveliness into something that was 
stunning. ' This place will do quite nicely,' she thought, and turned to pick 
her way down out of the heights.
	Yosho walked out of his room into the fresh morning air. Wearing the 
simple clothing he wore most days, he looked like no more than the simple shrine 
keeper, which was exactly as he wanted to look. He walked over to the top of the 
stairs that led from the shrine to the valley below and looked at the, for once, 
quiet house below. He always loved the early mornings because there were no 
screams, no explosions, and no one awake but he. When he turned back to start 
his morning chores, he saw something out of the corner of his eye, a small flash 
of brilliance. He stopped and looked more closely. 
	There, at the shore of the lake, stood a short pillar of light. He 
blinked, and the imagining was broken. Instead there stood a figure, seemingly 
gazing at the tree in the center of the lake. As though the figure could feel 
someone watching it, it turned and peered at the spot where Yosho stood. Even 
though there was a great distance between the two, Yosho could see the brilliant 
blue of the woman's eyes as she turned and started towards him. 
	Hinode stood looking at the glorious tree at the center of the lake, she 
could feel its tremendous, though dormant power, and wondered how such a tree 
had come to be on this remote planet. The silvery bark shimmered in a reflection 
of the water that surrounded it, and Hinode could feel its touch, like a 
greeting, in the back of her mind. With greatest respect she solemnly bowed to 
the tree. Then suddenly there was something else, a presence not of the tree, 
and she turned to find its source. Across the tranquil waters she saw a man, 
really no more than a gray shadow, and decided that she should meet the early 
riser. As she moved towards the temple and drew closer to the man, she could see 
that he was probably fairly old, at least by earth standards, but looked 
incredibly fit and able. His face was lean and sun-browned, he had a thin gray 
mustache, and his steel gray hair was bound into a ponytail behind his back. He 
wore simple clothing of a white shirt and gray pants. All in all he was rather 
attractive, if much too young for her. She herself was over 50,000 years old, 
and didn't feel a decade over 18,000. As she approached and stood in front of 
him she could see that through his glasses his eyes were the most incredible, 
beautiful, deep purple that she had ever seen. 'Yes,' she mused, 'an attractive 
man indeed.'
	They bowed to each other. 
	As Yosho looked at her he thought she was far and away the most beautiful 
woman he had ever seen, he felt a twinge of guilt at that thought, but it did 
not make it any less true. The simplicity of her kimono and her hair, drawn back 
and tied, did not dim but rather enhanced her splendor. She was as lovely as 
mid-day, with her fire colored tresses and yellow dress, and her eyes were 
exactly the color of the morning sky. The woman was of medium height, her eyes 
just slightly below his own. As he looked at her, for she looked to be no more 
than twenty, he felt every one of his 2000+ years, and though he was attracted 
to her beauty he felt he was way too old for her. 
	They stood there in silence for a moment, each contemplating the other, 
until Yosho felt he should say something, he was the keeper of the shrine after 
all. He cleared his throat. "Welcome to the Masaki Shrine dear child, I am 
Katsuhito Masaki" He thought he saw a glimmer of amusement pass over her face 
but continued, "What may I do for you on this beautiful morning?"
	She paused for a moment, considering her words for she would have to be 
careful and not say too much, then replied. "I greet you. My name is Hinode 
Ichizo, but I would prefer you call me Kyokki." She stopped for a moment, a 
small smile on her face. "I am a traveler, and I have not been to this area in a 
long time. I was struck by the beauty of this valley." She looked up into his 
handsome eyes. "What I would ask of you is the sanctuary of your temple for a 
while, and I would also like for you not to ask why, if you would. I will tell 
you when I feel the time is right." She half smiled at the curious look on his 
face. 
She glanced around the platform. "This looks to be a peaceful place." She gazed 
back at him, a purposeful look on her features. "I will do any chores you 
require of me, I only ask for a few hours in the morning to call my own, a bed 
or pallet to sleep on, and a few clothes. Will you have me?" She had made her 
proposal now it was up to him to either accept or deny it. Watching him intently 
she prayed that he would, but she was not exactly sure why.
	Yosho looked at Kyokki, taking in the look of determination on her face 
that only seemed to make her more attractive. Despite the tone of her voice, 
which seemed to say that it didn't really matter whether he let her stay or not, 
he sensed a desperate need. He could not ask her what it was, he would have to 
trust that she meant what she had said, that she would tell him when the time 
was right. He made his decision, telling himself that he was not in any way 
influenced by those big blue eyes. "If you wish to stay, then I will gladly have 
you, there really aren't any chores you will need to do, my grandson takes care 
of them as a part of his training." He glanced over his shoulder at his small 
house, " My house isn't really very big, but my son-in-law lives in the valley 
and he has some extra." (BOOM)  They both looked down into the valley, where the 
large and complex house seemed to have lost part of its roof and a good deal of 
the east wall. Smoking chunks of it were scattered across the valley floor. 'I 
see that the girls are up' Yosho thought ruefully.
	Kyokki gave him a wry look, cocking her head to better hear the screams 
coming from the house. "You know, I think that your house will be just fine."
	Yosho cleared his throat again, "If that is what you want, I will show you 
around." 
	Kyokki nodded, and they turned to walk across the clearing. Suddenly a 
clatter of running footsteps charged up the stairs. "I see you are early 
Tenchi," Yosho said, turning around.
	"Yeah grandpa, " the teenage boy with short cropped black hair and a small 
ponytail stammered, " they woke me up and I got out just before the explosion." 
He shuddered, then seemed to notice for the first time that his grandpa was not 
alone. He cheeks grew red and his eyes turned from their regular shape to round. 
Kyokki smiled at him, and his cheeks got redder. 
	Yosho, noticing this, smiled inwardly. "Tenchi, this is Kyokki. She will 
be staying at the temple for awhile." 
"Kami, another one." Tenchi fainted.
Kyokki looked down at the boy who now lay prostrate on the ground. She then 
turned her face back to Yosho. "Does he do that often?" she asked, "and what did 
he mean by another one?"
Yosho chuckled.
. . .
(The next morning)
	The sun was once again rising over the peaceful panorama of the valley. 
Yosho had awakened to find that his new guest had gone before him. She was a 
mystery to him, a woman alone in an unpopulated area and with seemingly no 
possessions other than the clothes she wore. She was well mannered and even-
tempered and she seemed self-sufficient. She exuded an air of self-possession 
and refinement that would have fit in at any court on any planet in the 
universe. Then why, he thought, did she want so much to stay in this unexciting 
place? But then again, he corrected himself, with those girls around excitement 
was never far away. He looked ouut the window at the blooming clouds, and he 
wondered what exactly she did in these pre-dawn hours.
	Also once again, in the hills, Kyokki was giving greetings to the sunrise. 
After she had received the sun's reply she made her way back to the temple, not 
really walking but rather skimming lightly above the ground. The early morning 
always made her feel so alive and young. She had missed this ritual in the 
millennia she had spent away from the earth, and was glad to see that she had 
not been forgotten. This morning she wore a gi not unlike Yosho's, just a bit 
smaller to fit her smaller frame. This garb was much more suited to her and she 
was relieved when she put it on.
	Yosho walked out of the house to find that his guest had already returned. 
In the small clearing to the east of the temple he saw a flash of red, and knew 
whom he would find there. He walked over to the edge of the trees to invite her 
down to one of Sasami's wonderful breakfasts and stopped, transfixed. His heart 
seemed to falter in its measured pace as he stood there, watching. In the middle 
of the clearing, Kyokki was dancing, well not really dancing, but the grace of 
her movements made it seem so. She stopped for a moment in a pose, her weight 
resting on the ball of one foot and the toe of the other, her hands before her 
chest, swiftly her one hand flashed out and the rest of her body followed in a 
spin that made her hair spread like a great fan behind her. She moved back into 
her original position then leapt into the air, her hands sweeping through the 
space beneath her as she twisted and landed on one toe, her other leg brought up 
so her knee was near her chest and her arms spread in imitation of a bird in 
flight. She stood there for a long moment, etched against the darkened backdrop 
of the forest. She then lowered herself into a standing position and sighed 
contentedly. She pulled her hair back and bound it into a ponytail, then turned 
and walked directly toward Yosho. He regarded her in her approach, seeing her 
grace even in her purposeful walk, and he got that strange feeling in his chest 
again.
	"You needed something?" she queried.
	Yosho had trouble finding his voice, "B-b-breakfast?" he stammered.
	"I would enjoy joining you for breakfast" she said with a mysterious 
smile. "Are you cooking?"
	"Um, no. A guest of my grandson's is an excellent cook. But there will be 
a little while before breakfast is ready."
	"All is well, I need to bathe anyway, I am absolutely filthy." She looked 
distastefully down at herself.
	Yosho followed her glance then jerked his eyes back up to her face as he 
reddened at the thought of her naked with water streaming down her luminous 
skin. "I will show you the onsen."
	Her eyebrows lifted in silent query. But she nodded and let him lead the 
way down the stairs to the valley below. 
	As they walked Yosho thought back to the fighting style he had seen her 
practicing, it seemed familiar but incredibly different, not quite like anything 
he had seen before. He walked further, studying the profile of the woman next to 
him out of the corner of his eye. He remembered her request not to ask of why 
she needed to be there, but he didn't think he would be compromising his 
agreement by asking her where she had learned her technique. He turned slightly 
and opened his mouth.
	"Here and there," Kyokki stated suddenly, staring straight ahead, though 
her eyes danced merrily.
	"What?" Yosho said, taken aback.
	"I learned my fighting style here and there. It is a little bit of 
everything, I just pick out the best feature of every style I come across and 
fit it into what I already know." 
	She smiled that mysterious smile again and gave him a sidelong glance. 
	"That is what you were going to ask me was it not?"
	"Yes, but." Yosho started but was stopped once again by that small smile. 
She turned to her own thoughts and he to his ponderings. The rest of the walk 
continued in silence.
	They made their way to the lake that was spread out in front of the large 
house, and which seemed to have a large bubble hovering above it. Kyokki looked 
at it curiously as they approached, this technology was way too advanced to be 
here. She followed Yosho to the end of the pier. Just as they stepped of the 
edge they were instantly transported into the sphere. "This is the onsen," Yosho 
stated.
	Kyokki's eyes sparkled in sudden joy. Who would have thought that this 
place would have such advanced technology? She began to strip out of her clothes 
and made her way dreamily to the pool.
Yosho had turned to get towels and was explaining how the onsen had come to be. 
"You see, one of my grandson's guests had this in storage and..." He turned 
around. And there right before his eyes was the beauty that he had only 
imagined, briefly and guiltily. 
	Kyokki was standing waist deep in the warm water, completely naked. Her 
skin was the color of butter cream and as smooth as satin. There was no blemish 
to detract from the glory of the golden expanse. She was curvy, not skinny, and 
her delicate rounded limbs were made ethereal by the mist rising from the bath. 
Her breasts were perfect, round and full without seeming heavy, the aureole 
around her nipples the color of red clay. The graceful curve of her neck, 
adorned by a necklace with a delicate glowing orb suspended upon it, was 
accentuated as she bent down and cupped water into her hands. She then noticed 
Yosho looking at her. She smiled. 
	"Gwllerp." Yosho strangled, threw down the towels and fled. 
	"Katsuhito, wait!" Kyokki called after him, as he disappeared through the 
door. "What was his problem? You would think he had never seen a woman before." 
She muttered aloud, then walked out to where he threw down the towels, water 
running down her skin. After retrieving the cloths, she turned and waded back 
into the water, the small iridescent birthmark at the small of her back 
appearing briefly when her hair was pulled over her shoulder until it was 
submerged beneath the liquid. As she sat soaking the stiffness out of her 
muscles she thought back to the night before. Katsuhito had shown her to a room 
that was small and simple, with a closet, mirror and comfortable pallet. She had 
slept soundly on that pallet that night, dreaming of fields of softly singing 
flowers, she knew them, royal teardrops, a flower native to Jurai, which were, 
surprisingly, the same color as Katsuhito's eyes. 
	Yosho, meanwhile, had gone outside to regain his cool. He had seen women 
before, but she, she was more than a woman. Almost like, a goddess. After a 
while he was fully composed again, and went back into the house, where he could 
hear Sasami moving about in the kitchen.
By the time Kyokki was done with her bath, the entire house was awake, Sasami 
first, the smells that emanated from the kitchen were usually sufficient to wake 
the rest of the residents up. 
	They were ready to be seated when Kyokki appeared, her skin and hair clean 
and glowing. She was slightly alarmed at the venomous looks that appeared on two 
of the five assembled women's faces, and slightly confused. One of the women had 
purple hair, the other had tresses the color of cyan, she could sense enormous 
power in both. She sought Yosho, stood beside him and waited for him to begin 
making introductions. His face was calm, betraying no hint of his recent 
indisposition. But he seemed a little tense. She tried to remember the last time 
she had been on earth; maybe she had forgotten something and had made him 
uncomfortable. After all, it had only been around 2100 years ago, and men and 
women took baths together all the time back then. Before that time she had been 
given the name Hinode Ichizo and the moniker had stuck. The daughter of the 
sunrise, they had called her. They had seen her power. At the time it had been 
necessary, but the reverence and awe with which they regarded her after that 
time had made her uncomfortable. She was also known as the earth mother at an 
earlier time than that, and afterwards Aphrodite, then Venus. It was all rather 
embarrassing, although now it was flattering to know that they had named a 
planet after her, albeit a poisonous and inhospitable one. After that last name 
had been assigned to her she had decided to take a journey. It had turned out to 
be a fairly long one, and it had taken her to many places she would have never 
imagined existed.
	Kyokki shook herself out of the past and back into the small dining room 
of the Masaki household. Yosho was making introductions.
	"Girls this is Kyokki. She will be staying with me for a while." He 
wondered how long that while would be and felt colder at the thought of her 
leaving. After a momentary abstraction he began again. "Kyokki, this is Ayeka 
Jurai, the first princess of the house of Jurai." He indicated the girl with the 
long violet hair and the lovely, but conservative kimono. Kyokki nodded to her, 
and Ayeka scowled a bit obviously expecting more. 
	Kyokki smiled inwardly, little Ayeka was all grown up.
	Ayeka stared at the luminous woman. Who was she? She was momentarily 
alarmed that this creature would try to take her Tenchi. Her eyes grew far away, 
her wonderful, darling Lord Tenchi. But seeing that she paid no more attention 
to him than to the rest of them, she relaxed. She was glad she would not have to 
compete with this woman because she had the feeling that she would lose. Now she 
would only have to worry about that Demon. 
	"And this is Ryoko, formerly space pirate Ryoko." Katsuhito went on.
	The Demon, otherwise known as Ryoko, was staring at Kyokki too. Her 
golden, feline eyes narrowed as she felt a strange fellowship with the woman, 
but she did not know why. She glanced nervously at Tenchi and her eyes softened, 
all thought of the radiant woman fleeing. 'If only that spoiled brat princess 
weren't around.' She thought.
	Kyokki looked at the woman with spiky cyan colored hair and lithe graceful 
build with no small interest. She had heard of the space pirate Ryoko. She just 
hadn't thought that she would look like a pretty teenager. She wondered how the 
woman had come to be on the earth.
	Yosho moved on to introduce the charming young girl with the blue colored 
hair and freckles across her nose. She was wearing a dress with carrots on it. 
"This is the princess Sasami, sister to Ayeka and the best chef on the earth, 
the cabbit atop her head is called Ryo-Ohki." Sasami blushed warmly at the 
compliment and Kyokki instantly adored her. She gave her a bright smile. She 
then felt something else within the little girl, an old and wise spirit. She 
nodded to herself. Tsunami.
	Sasami felt a warm glow of friendship every time Kyokki smiled at her. For 
some reason the woman reminded her of her Auntie Funaho. Then she felt something 
else from the presence inside her, from Tsunami, it felt like...love and 
recognition. But all she knew for sure was that the woman radiated warmth and 
affection and that was good enough for her.
	The next girl to be introduced had wild pink hair and was wearing an old 
fashioned science academy uniform. Kyokki could feel that she was much older 
than she looked, much as she herself was. "This is Little Washu," Yosho began.
	"The greatest scientific genius in the universe!" Washu finished. She 
looked at Kyokki with interest, her finger resting thoughtfully against her 
chin. 'Hmmm, a new specimen.' She thought. Then Kyokki gazed back at her and 
lifted an eyebrow. Washu backed away then looked surprised at herself for doing 
so. She stared at the woman curiously. There was something familiar about her, 
something she couldn't quite put her finger on. She knew she had never met this 
woman but she couldn't shake off the nagging feeling that she knew her.
	Yosho gave her a quizzical look then continued on to the last of the 
women. "And this is Mihoshi, detective first class of the galaxy police force." 
The blond with the impeccable tan beamed, giving her a vapid look. Kyokki 
shuddered. 
	Mihoshi, as usual, didn't have a thought in her head.
	"You have already met Tenchi, and my son-in-law Noboyuki is at work. He is 
an architect" Yosho finished.
	Tenchi looked at her politely, then prudently looked away. He did not feel 
like unintentionally inciting any riots today. He looked at Ryoko and Ayeka and 
they were both gazing back at him. Then they noticed each other gazing at him 
and turned their attention from gazing to glaring. Tenchi sighed. He cared for 
them both but there was disaster implicit in choosing either one of them. He 
glanced also at Sasami, seeing the woman she would become. Then decided that all 
he should think about at this specific moment was food.
Kyokki looked at those assembled, taking note of them and searching her memory 
for further information. She found it and nodded satisfactorily. "I am very 
pleased to meet all of you." She stated. "And I hope that we can all get to know 
each other during my stay." She unleashed the full force of her smile upon them 
and was pleased to note that the viperous looks on the princess and space 
pirate's faces disappeared. They smiled back.
Soon Kyokki found herself seated at the table between Yosho and Sasami, a lavish 
breakfast spread before her. She smiled at Sasami as they all dug in. During the 
meal she took time to examine those around the table. They may know nothing of 
her and not know that she knew of them, but there was a great deal of 
information stored on this group. It was amazing, she thought as she delicately 
sipped her tea, watching Ryoko shovel food into her mouth, that such a group had 
been assembled. They were all quite well known around the universe and now she 
knew them as well. 
	That left a few mysteries. For one, the boy, Tenchi, had extraordinary 
power. She wondered if he had gotten his power from his grandfather, who was, in 
turn, another mystery. She knew he was hiding something, perhaps several 
somethings. But she knew, without a doubt, that he was not an earthling. Perhaps 
he was half, but part of him was distant to her, she did not feel the close 
connection she felt with beings that were of earth. 
	He intrigued her, fascinated her, and in turn attracted her. She 
constantly found her eyes being drawn to his face as she tried to puzzle him 
out.
	They finished breakfast and, after complimenting Sasami on a magnificent 
meal, left to go their own ways. Kyokki had offered to wash the dishes and was 
summarily refused, which was a good thing, she hated washing dishes. She stood 
for a moment, watching Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi. She then shifted her vision, to 
see the lines of destiny. It was a gift that she had learned she had had when 
she was still young, hence three of her names. The one that she was most 
interested in was Tenchi's. With so many women contesting over him, she was 
curious to see whom he would end up with. 
	She looked at him and saw that he had three lines. One led into the 
kitchen "Hmm. Sasami, or is it Tsunami as well." She thought. The other two each 
led to the girls on either side of him, who were currently in the process of 
ripping him limb from limb. A multiple destiny, that was interesting. "He may 
actually live to enjoy it if those two stop fighting each other." She mused 
diplomatically. Washu saddened her; the line from her was broken. It may be 
repaired, but only if she reconciled herself to her past. 
	Mihoshi's line ended somewhere on earth, and Kyokki could feel a name 
'Noboyuki.' 
	She shook her head mournfully; only a man with supreme patience would be 
able to deal with Mihoshi. 
	She then looked down at herself, and blinked in astonishment. She had a 
line, after all these years, she had a line. She hadn't bothered even checking 
for the last 10,000 years or so, tired of being disappointed by its absence. Now 
it was there. She followed the beam that came from her chest and saw where it 
ended. It ended on the form of a man walking away from the house; a man in 
simple clothing with his hair tied in a tail that flowed down over his broad 
shoulders to end at the small of his back. 'Katsuhito' she thought in awe. And 
for the first time, in a very long time, she felt hope surge through her. And 
fear as well.

