The characters in Tenchi Muyo! are owned by AIC Pioneer. I am merely using them 
in my own created situations, for my own amusement, so don't sue me, okay. The 
only characters I own are Kyokki (Hinode Ichizo) and Kokuten. I am only a poor 
college student so be nice to me. 

'  ' : thinking
"  " : speaking
*  * : telepathic communication



Chapter 3: The Workings of Destiny

	Kyokki was sleeping peacefully, the activities of the day had worn her 
out, especially after the sleepless night she had experienced. She was curled up 
on her side, her hand supporting her cheek and the thin blanket she slept under 
was bunched around her middle, leaving her slim legs bare. She was dreaming 
about Katsuhito, about the kiss that she had given him, and the defeat he had 
all but admitted. In the dream they had slipped away from Tenchi, up to her 
favorite hilltop. He was laying her tenderly on the ground, their lips together 
and their tongues busily exploring each other's mouths. He had just removed her 
blouse when a voice cut through the dream world fantasy. * My daughter. *
	Hinode was immediately awake. "Father what is wrong?" 
	* My child, it is almost time. The night after the night after the next 
dawn you will be needed. At midnight on that day will the light I reflect off 
the full moon will be blotted out. At that time, the sickness will emerge. This 
time we must be sure that not one seed escapes our purge. It will take all of 
your power. * 
	"I am ready father."
	* This time will not be so easy. If you drain all of your power, * the 
voice paused. 
	* Then you may die before I can come for you. *
	Hinode grew cold. But she knew that this was her purpose for being. "If 
that happens, it will be my own doing." She said bravely.
	* I am proud of you, my daughter. I will not want to lose you. You will 
know what to do. *  Then the voice was gone.
Hinode looked out the window. Tears were running down her face and sparkling 
like diamond in the moonlight. "I love you father."
	Then she laughed, a small, bitter sort of laugh. 'At least he didn't say 
anything about the dream he interrupted.' She tried to return to sleep, and when 
she succeeded, her dreams were full of darkness, and the form of a handsome 
young man slipping away from her into the shadows. She woke herself up, unable 
to bear the pain of the dream. She stood and walked across the hall to the room 
where Yosho slept.
	Across the hall, Yosho was also dreaming, but his dreams were of a 
brighter sort. In them was Kyokki, laughing and dancing. He slept with a happy 
smile on his face, unaware of the anguish that was about to befall Kyokki. He 
was soon awakened by a soft tapping on his door. He stood, wrapped a blanket 
around himself, and walked over to it. 
	Upon opening it, he found himself face to face with a very distraught 
Kyokki. "Kyokki, what happened?"
	She started to speak, but instead emitted a low wail and collapsed against 
him. He stood in the doorway holding her, then he backed with her still in his 
arms to his sleeping pallet and they sat. He held her for a while as she cried, 
then hesitatingly he brought his hand up to stroke soothingly at the fiery hair 
that was spread across her face and over his chest. He marveled at the softness 
and life of it. After a few minutes she had composed herself somewhat, and 
looked up at him. "Thank you," she said in a small voice.
	His hand stilled. "For what?" he asked, confused.
	She smiled a tired little smile, "For just being here." She said simply. 
She then leaned her head back against his chest. "Will you let me stay with you 
tonight? I do not want to be alone just now." 
	As his reply he laid back against the cushions of his bed and she curled 
up next to him, her head still resting against his chest. They lay there until 
Kyokki's breathing had settled into the steady rhythm of sleep, Yosho's hand 
continued to stroke and smooth her hair until, lulled by the sound of her soft 
breathing, he too succumbed to slumber. There were no more dreams that night, 
there was no need for them.
	When Kyokki awoke she was still wrapped in Katsuhito's embrace, and she 
lay there for a few moments, torn between the comfort of his arms around her, 
and her duty to greet her father. Finally, she gently removed Katsuhito's arms 
from around her and stood. After brushing a lingering kiss across his forehead 
she left the room to dress. 
	This morning she practically flew up to her lofty perch, desperate to feel 
the comfort of her father's embrace. When the rays reached her on this morning 
they seemed to hold her a little tighter, and seemed to linger a little longer. 
	Her father feared losing her, she felt that in his touch, and even though 
she was filled with his love she could also sense the worry around its edges.
	Yosho awoke to find Kyokki gone, and this time he did not wonder at where 
she was, he knew. Even though he knew she would come back, he felt a cold chill 
run through him.  Some of it came from the absence of Kyokki from his arms, but 
there was more, a sense of foreboding. He rose and dressed. As he was finishing 
his morning chores he saw Kyokki return. She walked up to him, much more slowly 
than usual, and looked at him for a moment. "I think we should head down for 
breakfast," she said.
	He nodded, and they walked down the long flight of stairs to the valley. 
Neither spoke of the previous night. 
	At breakfast that morning Kyokki was subdued, and the entire household was 
worried about her. After the table was cleared, she walked out to the edge of 
the lake and sat down. After a few minutes she felt something soft nuzzlling her 
hand and looked down to see Ryo-Ohki at her side. The cabbit "miad" uncertainly 
and Kyokki picked her up and held her in her lap, stroking the little furry 
creature. 
	The rest of the group was watching from the house. In the short time 
Kyokki had been with them they all had developed a friendship with her, Sasami 
especially.  "She looks so sad." Sasami said. "Maybe we can do something to 
cheer her up."
	"What do you think we should do Sasami?" Tenchi asked her.
	Sasami looked at him uncertainly, "I don't know." She said sadly.
	Mihoshi spoke up, " Well, I know when I feel sad, a party usually cheers 
me up."
	" A party?" Sasami asked. "I don't know." She looked at Katsuhito. 
"Grandfather, you know Kyokki best. Do you think she will enjoy a party?"
	Yosho turned away from the window through which he had been watching the 
woman. He smiled encouragingly. "I think that she will love whatever you decide 
to do for her, Sasami."
	"Okay! A party it is." Said Sasami enthusiastically. "I'll make an extra 
special dinner." 
	"I'll help with the decorations," Tenchi volunteered. 
	"So will I." Both Ayeka and Ryoko volunteered in unison. They then glared 
at each other.
	Yosho sensed a fight coming and sighed. He turned back to the window and 
looked at Kyokki, who hadn't stirred. 'I don't know if anything will help' he 
thought.
	He had seen a different woman that night, one that was overcome by 
emotion, not the usual calm and collected one. He wondered what it was that 
brought her to her knees that night. He had held her, and all romantic thoughts 
were pushed to the back of his mind as he sought to comfort Kyokki. He felt a 
strange sense of protectiveness over her, even though he had the feeling that 
she could take care of herself. As he watched her still form, he again felt that 
tightening in his chest, and he felt an almost overpowering urge to give hurt to 
whatever had caused this change. Then Kyokki stood and started back toward the 
house, looking a little more cheerful than before, and he saw Mihoshi head out 
to steer her away from the party preparations.

	Kyokki sat and thought of what was ahead of her, her hand stroked the 
little cabbit absentmindedly as her thoughts turned to night before. Her 
father's devastating news had not given her a reaction immediately, until she 
had that dream of the mysterious young man. Then suddenly all her barriers were 
stripped away and she stood vulnerable. 
	She had sought the one she loved, Katsuhito, knowing that he would not 
take advantage of her weakness, and feeling deep down that he would protect her, 
that he loved her, as she loved him. She had slept the sleep of the innocent 
when she was wrapped within his strong and comforting embrace, and she 
remembered that she had felt as though she could stay there and be happy for all 
eternity, if she had that long. She slumped down dejectedly.
	She realized what she was thinking, it was not certain that she would 
cease to be. And what if she did? Did she really want to spend her last hours of 
life moping about? 
	She straightened, a determined look upon her face. She decided that if she 
were to die, she wanted to be remembered as happy, and the last moments with 
those whom she had come to see as family to be joyous. She still wasn't quite 
herself after she made this resolution, but there was a definite improvement in 
her mood. Ryo-Ohki jumped off of her lap as she stood and started to walk back 
to the house, but was intercepted by the bubbly Mihoshi.
	"Hey, Kyokki. You know, I was wondering,"
	Kyokki braced for the anticipated question.
	Mihoshi continued, "I was invited to a party and I don't have a thing to 
wear, do you maybe have something?"
	Kyokki stared at disbelief at the woman, then she smiled, and then she 
laughed. "I do have a few things. I did not bring much with me," She pointed at 
the temple, which was partially obscured by the forest, "They are up there."
	"Oh great, will you show them to me?" 
	"It would be my pleasure." Kyokki said. As they walked up the long flight 
of stairs, Mihoshi kept up a long string of chatter, hardly seeming to take a 
breath. Seeing that it wouldn't be noticed, Kyokki spoke to Kokuten. 
	'Kokuten,' she called silently, directing her thoughts to the amulet 
around her neck. 
	* Yes, mistress. *
	'I need you to transport a few items of clothing to my room at the 
temple.' She thought for a moment, going through her wardrobe in her head. She 
picked out a few outfits she thought would be appropriate, and might fit the 
woman's willowy form, then out of pure devilment, she also selected a few things 
that should not see the light of day. 'I will require these, Kokuten.'
	* They will be transported immediately mistress. Going to a party? * The 
ship asked curiously.
	'No Kokuten, what makes you think that?'
	* Well, as I recall, you wore that slinky black see-through number to a 
party on L...*
	'That will be all.' Kyokki interrupted hurriedly, blushing.
	Kokuten sounded slightly offended.  * All right then, the items you 
requested are in your room. *
	'Thank you.' Kyokki sighed. Then she went back to listening to Mihoshi 
chatter. 
	They reached the top of the stairs and Kyokki led the way into her room. 
After seeing Mihoshi seated comfortably on the bed, she opened the closet and 
removed a few outfits, holding them up so Mihoshi could see them.
	"Oh, how lovely." Mihoshi breathed. Then reached out a finger and touched 
the outfit that Kyokki had thought would look best on her. It was a robin's egg 
blue dress with orange and sea green accents on the jacket and skirt. 
	"Try it on." Kyokki urged and turned back to the closet, rummaging around 
to find the matching shoes. When she found them, she turned around to see 
Mihoshi fastening the frog closures on the jacket. It fit perfectly, and Kyokki 
was pleased with it. 
	Mihoshi held out her arms and turned in a circle. "This is perfect!" She 
cried. "Kyokki you have such good taste." She turned back to the other outfits 
that Kyokki had laid on the bed, "why don't you put this one on, Kyokki."
	Kyokki shrugged and nodded, taking off her comfortable gi. She slid into 
the costume that Mihoshi had indicated, a flowing under dress the color of 
dandelions with an overdress the color of new grass, tied with a green sash 
under her breasts. The overdress had simple black ribbon accents. Kyokki had 
always loved this outfit it was elegant but simple. 
	"Ohhh." Mihoshi sighed, "You look so nice in everything, but in that... 
next to you I feel like a crow."
	"Mihoshi, do not be silly, you look beautiful." Kyokki hugged the blond 
woman, "Noboyuki thinks so too."
	Mihoshi looked startled, "How did you know?"
	"I have seen the way he looks at you, I mean he looks at all the girls, 
but when he looks at you all I see is a man completely in love. And when I look 
at you I see a woman in love, but not with who they think you are."
	Mihoshi turned away. "But he never does anything about it."
	"Mihoshi, he is waiting for you to make the first move. He may seem like a 
Hentai, but really he is just looking for someone to love." She smiled. 
	"Besides, what do you think the others would do to him if they thought he 
was bothering you?"
	"They would beat him to a pulp." She said, and turned back around, happy 
tears running down her face. She walked over too Kyokki and hugged her 
gratefully, "You know, for someone so young, you are very wise."
	"I have had some experience in this department." Kyokki laughed.
	"Anyway, I think I'll borrow this one," she indicated the outfit she was 
still wearing. Then she walked over to the closet and pulled out the slinky 
black number that Kokuten had mentioned. "And this one too," she said, blushing.
	 'Good hunting' Kyokki thought. 
	"You know, these outfits are much too nice to leave lying around in a 
closet. We should wear them to dinner tonight." Mihoshi exclaimed. 
	"Well, I do not know." Kyokki hesitated. 
	"Oh come on, it will be fun to dress up for dinner. Please?" She looked at 
Kyokki, her huge blue eyes overflowing with hopefulness.
	"All right." Kyokki agreed, unable to stand that look for very long.
	"HOORAY!" Mihoshi shouted, "I'll go down to tell the others, they'll dress 
up too." She moved to leave the room, and threw back over her shoulder as she 
dashed out. "Grandfather looks very handsome dressed up."
	Then she flew out the door, leaving an astonished Kyokki behind her. 'You 
know, maybe she is smarter than she looks.' She mused, unconsciously smoothing 
her dress. Then she moved to the mirror. "I think I will do something with my 
hair." She said to her reflection. And went to the small box on the windowsill 
to get what she would need.
	About a half hour later Kyokki descended the stairs.
	She walked across to the house, a little disturbed by the lack of noise 
within. She went up to the sliding glass doors that led to the family room and 
peered inside. The house was dark. She went in, a little concerned, then the 
lights went on and everyone yelled "SURPRISE!!!" She jumped.
	"Welcome to the family, Kyokki." Tenchi shouted.
	Kyokki looked around, the entire room was festooned with ribbons and 
banners, and a sumptuous looking meal adorned the table. There was a karaoke 
machine and a small stage in one corner of the room. She cried happy tears. 
	Everyone gathered around, each dressed in their finest. And Kyokki 
bestowed hugs and kisses on all. Noboyuki accepted his graciously, but she 
noticed his eyes were glued to a radiant Mihoshi. Kyokki smiled a satisfied 
little smile. Then she asked, "Thank you all so very much, but what gave you the 
idea to throw me a party?"
	Sasami spoke up, " Well, you looked so sad this morning, we wanted to 
cheer you up." She looked at her anxiously, "Did we do all right?"
	Kyokki hugged the darling girl, "I feel a lot cheered up, thanks to all of 
you."
	She saw Katsuhito standing off somewhat to the side, watching her. She was 
suddenly very glad that she had agreed to wear this dress. 
	After the dinner had been enthusiastically consumed, Kyokki told Sasami 
that it was better than one at a twenty-seven star restaurant, they all 
adjourned to sing some karaoke. 
	"You go first, Miss Kyokki." Tenchi said, and they all voiced their 
agreement.
	She agreed and went up to select a song. When she found one she had heard 
on the ship's scanner and loved, she chose it and prepared to sing. 

Nine Days:
So you're standing on a ledge
It looks like you might fall.
So far down,
Or maybe you were thinking about jumping.
Now you could have it all,
If you learned a little patience!
For though I cannot fly, 
I'm not content to crawl!
So give me a little credit
Have in me a little faith!
I want to be with you forever,
If tomorrow's not too late
But it's always too late when you've got nothing
So you say!
But you should never let the sunset on tomorrow,
Before the sun rises today.
IF I AM!
Another waste of everything you dreamed of,
I will let you down.
IF I AM!
Only here to watch you as you suffer, 
I will let you down.
So you're walking on the edge 
And you wait your turn to fall.
But you're so far gone,
That you don't see the hands upheld to catch you
And you could find the fault,
In the heart that you've been handed!
For though you cannot fly, 
You're not content to crawl!
But it's always too late when you've got nothing
So you say!
But you should never let the sun set on tomorrow,
Before the sun rises today.
IF I AM
Another waste of everything you dreamed of,
I will let you down.
IF I AM 
Only here to watch you as you suffer,
I will let you down.
So you're standing on a ledge, 
It looks like you might fall.
IF I AM
Another waste of everything you dreamed of,
I will let you down.
IF I AM 
Only here to watch you as you suffer, 
I will let you down.
The answers we find,
Are never what we had in mind.
So we make it up as we go along.
I won't mention tomorrow.
And we won't make those promises that we can't keep.
I will never leave you!
I will not let you down!
I will never leave you!
I will not let you down!

	Kyokki finished and bowed in acceptance of the stunned applause. As she 
descended from the stage she heard Ryoko whisper to Ayeka, "We should have made 
her go last, I wish I didn't have to follow that performance." Ayeka nodded, for 
once agreeing with Ryoko.
	Kyokki smiled a self-satisfied little smile as she went over to the place 
on the couch between Katsuhito and Sasami, she settled back to listen to the 
other girls sing.

	Yosho had watched Kyokki since she had arrived at the party, he could tell 
she was still somewhat shaken by what had transpired the night before, but she 
seemed to be better suppressing her feelings. All during the party she laughed 
and talked among the girls, including everyone in her warmth and happiness, but 
he had noticed when, at times, her gaze had lingered on each of them and she had 
become silent, as though storing away memories. She looked ravishing, though. 
She was wearing a beautiful kimono and had done her hair up in a crown of 
braids. He could feel his heart skip a beat every time he laid his eyes upon 
her, which was often. He couldn't tear his eyes away from her, and often he 
fantasized about shedding his disguise and showing her his true self. But he 
always stopped himself before coming to his decision, telling himself that soon, 
but not yet, would be the time of revelations. When she sang, he felt as though 
he were floating on clouds of melody, and the words of the song brought tears to 
his eyes, he could feel that she was singing to him, and wondered what she was 
trying to tell him through the lyrics. When she sat down next to him, with her 
hyacinth perfume, he couldn't resist, and took her hand in his.
	Kyokki was startled as she felt a strong hand enfold her own, but she knew 
whose it was. She looked over at Katsuhito, whom she found was looking back at 
her questioningly. Her eyes glistened as she smiled and he responded by 
tightening his fingers. They both turned back to the music, and spent the 
remainder of the evening resting against each other, sharing each others warmth 
and the enjoyment of the singing.
  


