The Characters in Tenchi Muyo! Are owned by AIC Pioneer, I am using then in a 
situation of my own creation, for my own enjoyment, so don't sue me or anything. 
I am a student and as such, am broke.

'  ' : thinking
"  " : speaking
<  > : flashback


Chapter 2: The Ultimate Power 


	It was the early evening on the day after Kyokki's arrival at the Masaki 
Shrine. She was seated on what has become her favorite perch in the mountains, a 
wild bluff that overlooked the valley and faced towards the east, here she 
waited in the morning. She was, at this moment, waiting for the arrival of her 
star, well, her namesake, Venus. She saw it appear and smiled gaily, causing a 
brief flash to illuminate her, then fade away. 
	She looked around and down into the valley, hoping no one had noticed her 
small display. Finding no presence near her she relaxed again, and began to 
think about why she had come back. The soft rustle of breeze drew her into a 
state of meditation, and the sound of the crickets played a harmony with the 
wind's sweet breath. The air brought to her the scent of cooling earth and 
sleeping flowers, of clean water and chill snow that still capped a few of the 
higher of the surrounding peaks. Her eyes fixed on her planet as she was drawn 
into the state that was not quite sleep but not quite awake.
	<It was night on the small planet in the Gaestryn galaxy. She had been 
asleep on the beach, the light of the twin moons bathing her with their 
colorless radiance. Suddenly she came awake, her startled blue eyes flying open, 
something, or someone was calling to her. She sat up and stared up and down the 
diamond-dust strip, looking for that which had awakened her. Then she heard the 
call again and realized what it was, a summoning. She was needed again, her last 
mission had been unsuccessful, a trace of the sickness had survived and 
multiplied under the cover of darkness. Her father needed her, she had been gone 
too long, and now the danger had come again. She had to return to her home 
planet, the Earth. The murmur in her mind was insistent, come as soon as you 
can. Then the voice disappeared, leaving behind only the tug, the pull to 
return. Kyokki knew it was time, and readied herself for her return trip.>
	Kyokki rose, now completely awake, and recalled her thoughts during the 
voyage home. Her reasons for leaving had been good ones. She was famous, but 
that was not what she wanted, it only drew to her those who wished to test her 
fame. She was worshipped, and she did not like it, it drew the attention away 
from her father, the only one worthy of such acclaim.
	It had not taken her long to arrive at the planet of her birth. She 
orbited for another day or so in her ship Kokuten until she knew where she would 
be best suited. In that time she also downloaded the files into her ships 
computers all the history that had happened since her departure. A lot had 
changed, some for the better some for the worse. 
	But it was home and that would never change. As she studied, her sensors 
were scanning the earth's surface; it could find no trace of the sickness, not 
yet. It also found where she should go down, a small place in Japan called 
Okayama. There were traces of foreign energy there, dormant but still powerful. 
	She supposed she should investigate the power's source while she was 
waiting for further instructions in her task. She had landed in the mountains 
and after converting her ship into a small amulet she kept around her neck she 
went exploring. It had been very early, a few hours before the sun came up when 
she came into the mountains surrounding the Masaki household. She sensed that 
the power was close by and decided she would figure out what to do about it 
after she had performed her traditional greeting to the sun. It had been so long 
and her father had been happy to see her. That day she had met Katsuhito and 
procured lodgings. The next day she had met the beings of such power that made 
up an odd group of female guests for one young man.
	She stood and stretched, thrusting her hands towards the stars that now 
crowned the night sky. As she walked back to the Masaki shrine she thought of 
its keeper, Katsuhito Masaki. She knew that he was more, and picking her way 
through the darkness she speculated on him. Though he looked old, she knew, he 
moved with the dexterity of a much younger man. And the looks he directed at her 
definitely were not those of a grandfather looking at a young woman, and she 
found herself responding to those looks. 
	Then there was the business of the line. She had never before been linked 
to a man and she decided God must have a sense of humor to link her now, to an 
elderly earthling, but then, she corrected herself, he wasn't entirely 
earthling. She shook her head; she had no more answers now than when she had 
started on this train of thought. She kept walking along, her mind full of 
visions of Katsuhito, his beautiful eyes, his strong hands. She was so caught up 
in her thoughts that she ran directly into the object of them, and was startled 
when those strong hands gripped her waist to keep her from falling. 
	"Oh, my... I am sorry." She apologized, embarrassed. 
	"It's... quite alright," Katsuhito replied, reluctantly removing his hands 
from her trim waist. He looked down at her, watching the way the starlight 
caught in her coppery hair. She looked luminous, even in the dark, which seemed 
to stop a fraction of an inch away from her form. His hand lifted to touch her 
again and stopped halfway. He let his hand drop. 
	Kyokki looked confused and knew she did, "Well, I am going to go to bed." 
She wished that he had not let her go. When he said nothing, she continued on 
around him and into the small house. He watched her the entire way, knowing the 
moment had passed and wishing he had said something. 
	Kyokki went into the small room that Katsuhito had given her and 
undressed. For a moment before she climbed beneath the light covers she looked 
out the window to see Katsuhito standing where she had left him and wished she 
had said something more. He looked so sad and alone. She fought with herself for 
a moment, trying to figure out if she should go to him and tell him her secret 
and then decided she shouldn't rush things. She climbed onto her pallet, and 
fell into a fitful slumber, her dreams haunted by the face of a young man she 
had never seen before but looked strangely familiar. And the starlight came in 
through the window and played in her hair.  
...
	Yosho stood for a while looking at the house and thinking of the woman 
that fate had brought into his life. Hinode Ichizo, daughter of the sunrise, as 
beautiful as a summer's day and as enigmatic as the dark side of the moon. He 
wished she trusted him enough to tell him why she had come, but felt that he 
shouldn't press her. He walked over to the shore of the lake that held Funaho 
and sat down, watched the play of the starlight across the waters and thought. 
He held his hands before him and looked at them. He was amazed they hadn't 
turned to gold, given the privilege of touching Hinode Ichizo.
	-Hinode Ichizo-, that name tickled the back of his head whenever he 
thought it. It lingered there like a vague memory, something someone had said 
once, a long time ago. 
	He hadn't introduced her with that name because he had wanted some time to 
puzzle it out for himself. He lay back and closed his eyes, burying himself in 
the soft feel and scent of the grass. He tried to pinpoint the memory. It was 
something in a story; a woman of flame.

<600 years ago>

	<Yosho sat in the back of the crowded room, listening. It was festival 
night and the celebration was in full swing. He was currently in the hall of the 
storytellers, literacy wasn't prevalent back in those days and this was really 
the only way of hearing the stories of the past. This interested Yosho, he 
wanted to know more about his new home and this was what led him to this noisy 
hall. Suddenly all noise ceased, and all those in attendance were seated quickly 
and quietly. A man dressed in concealing dark robes stood on a small raised 
pavilion at the front of the wooden structure. When all were seated the man 
started speaking. 
	"In the age of mists and legend, there dwelt the sun, a sun of his father, 
he gave light without ceasing." He thrust back his hood revealing a face and 
shaved scalp all painted gold. "In time the sun became lonely, giving light to a 
world that did not know him. He took one of his rays." At this he held up a 
torch that had been handed to him. "And shaped it into human form." Another 
darkly cloaked figure appeared out of the shadows. "And breathed life unto it 
until it became his daughter. She was born when he crested the horizon, so gave 
her the name Hinode Ichizo." The cloaked figure threw off its robes and stood 
there. Her hands, face, and hair were painted golden and her robes of red were 
embroidered with twisting flames. "He spake unto her, 'my daughter, of my own 
light, I hath given you being not without purpose. In times distant you will be 
needed and I will call thee. Thine purpose is great and therefore you have great 
power and you will exist for time everlasting.' The creature of beauty and flame 
then smiled and the heart of the sun was made glad. But he knew that he could 
not keep his child with him, she must be delivered onto the world that was his 
charge to be its protector. He told his child, ' Daughter, I have given you life 
and now you must give back unto me. This sphere you see before you is now your 
child. To protect her you must tread upon her soil.' The child of his own being 
was loath to leave him, fearful to be gone from his radiance. But he spoke unto 
her again, 'do not fear to be gone from me, for as long as you walk the soil of 
this place I will greet you each time I break into morning.' His child was thus 
reassured and was borne down upon her planet." The woman in the scarlet dress 
walked down from the stage and disappeared into the crowd. The man continued his 
story. "And there she stayed, living among the mortals of the earth, waiting for 
the day when she would be needed. When that day would come she would burn with 
the radiance of her father, all his power contained within her human form. And 
those who would see her in glimpses called her Hinode Ichizo, daughter of the 
sunrise." The woman appeared one more time in the middle of the crowd, 
surrounded by torches, she then disappeared. 
	When Yosho looked back at the stage the storyteller was gone also. All the 
other stories told that night paled in comparison with the first, the tale of 
Hinode Ichizo.>
 	Yosho sat up, blinking. The memory had come to him unbidden, almost as 
though someone else had called it into his mind. 'It couldn't possibly be' he 
thought, and unsatisfied with just thinking it, said it aloud. "She couldn't 
possibly be." He walked slowly to his house, the litany repeating over and over 
in his head. He passed into the house and made his way to his room, then, 
noticing that Kyokki's door was ajar, went over to check on her. He walked over 
to the portal and peered through the opening. Inside the small dorm, on a 
pallet, the woman lay. Her creamy skin shimmering in the starlight that played 
over her, somehow seeming to tangle in her hair. She lay facing away from him 
and as he was looking at her, unable to tear his gaze away, she turned over and 
he saw her angelic face, peaceful in slumber. The blanket that covered her rose 
and fell with each soft breath. Yosho watched her, feeling a strange tightening 
in his chest. 'Am I falling in love with her?' he thought, 'and what if she is 
the daughter of the sunrise?' He finally was able to turn away and went into his 
room to enjoy a night of fitful slumber, unaware of the sapphire eyes that had 
opened and watched him as he walked away.
 	The next morning Yosho was awake before the sunrise. He was troubled by 
his revelations of the night before and he was considering breaking a promise. 
He was already up and dressed by the time Kyokki emerged from the house to make 
her trek into the mountains. She saw him and paused, uncertain, then she made up 
her mind. She walked up to him, glowing in spite of the starlit darkness. She 
had not slept the night before, too busy agonizing over her decision. She wanted 
to share with him all that she was but was afraid to. She had had many men try 
to win her over because they thirsted for the power she possessed and she wanted 
the man she was destined to spend eternity with to love her for whom, not what 
she was. She felt, though, that Katsuhito was different. Every time she looked 
at him she felt a hollow feeling in the pit of her stomach. 
	Could it be love? Something told her that it was. She had still not made 
her choice, but she supposed it wouldn't hurt to have him see just a small 
portion of her other self. She still would hold many secrets until the time it 
was necessary to reveal them. And besides, he must have known by now that she 
wasn't an ordinary woman. She stopped in front of him, drinking in the sight of 
the man who, in so short a time, and without any effort, had won her heart. She 
smiled. "Katsuhito, would you like to walk with me?" she invited. 
	He looked at her with a bemused expression. Then said, calmly, "I would 
very much enjoy that." 
	They walked side by side, past the lake and up into the mountains. When 
they reached the cliff that she so favored, he stopped, sensing that she wished 
to go on alone. 
	He stayed behind a few yards and watched her walk to the very edge, her 
coppery hair somehow catching the little light in the steely haze of pre-dawn 
mist. She stood there, waiting. As the mists started to turn to pastels, 
shifting lazily across the valley floor, he watched as she stood and raised her 
hands before her. He got the sense that he was witnessing something she had let 
no one before share with her. As the sun crested the horizon, she started to 
glow and the rays that reached her seemed to wrap around her in a protective 
embrace. Then one of those embracing rays snaked past her and approached 
Yosho. He watched detachedly as it came and when it touched him, he suddenly 
felt an enormous sense of love envelop every part of his soul. He also, in the 
brief moment before it was over, felt that he had been greeted, looked over, and 
approved. When the light melded back into the general warmth of the morning, he 
still felt that love suffusing him. When he looked back at Kyokki, she was 
facing him, her eyes and face covered in shock. She then smoothed her expression 
and approached him.
	"What." he started to say, but she laid a warm and silencing finger across 
his lips.
	"All will be revealed in due course." She said warningly. Then stepped 
back, a slightly calculating look on her face. "But will you tell me your 
secrets when I tell you mine?" she asked a hint of mischief in her voice.

	It was later that day, Kyokki had just finished her exercises and was 
merely walking through the fragrant spring forest, breathing in the scent of 
cherry blossoms and cool grass. She was also thinking about that morning, when 
her father had greeted Katsuhito. In that moment she had felt something she 
hadn't in a long while, shock. Her father did not like to directly touch his 
people, the experience sometimes killed them. But Katsuhito had just stood there 
and she knew that he had felt what she did every time the sun touched her. There 
was also a sense of recognition there, and she was a bit bemused, pondering over 
what all this meant. She wandered over near the temple and was intrigued by the 
sounds coming through a screen of trees.
	Bang! Rattle, clack, clack. "OOOPH!" the sound of someone getting the wind 
knocked out of his lungs. Curious, she walked over to the spot from which the 
sounds were emanating. Standing unobserved amid the spring greenery she took in 
the scene before her. 
	"Wow, Grandpa," Tenchi exclaimed, "that hurt! He was lying on the ground 
struggling to rise. Katsuhito stood over him with his arms crossed, one hand 
clutching the slender bokken. He looked all at once at complete ease, but also 
as if he were a tightly coiled spring ready to go off at any moment. 
He shook his head in mock despair. "Tenchi, Tenchi. How many times must I tell 
you, and show you, not to leave yourself exposed like that?" He held out his 
hands. "Don't forget that a man has as many weapons as he has parts of the body. 
Even though you turned aside my thrust, you concentrated all your thoughts on 
it."
	Tenchi struggled to his feet, "But did you have to punch me so hard? It 
was hardly honorable."
	Katsuhito's face grew stern and his eyes flinty. "And how many honorable 
people will be trying to kill you?" He set himself in a standing posture, his 
feet wide apart, his sword point held low. "A sword master must be aware of 
everything at once. Now, try again."
	Kyokki watched the flurry of movements that followed. Katsuhito obviously 
had much greater skill, and he was deliberately giving the boy opportunities to 
get under his guard, then sliding away from Tenchi's blows like a cat. Then when 
Kyokki saw an opening that Tenchi also saw, Katsuhito surprised them both. He 
slid under the blade, spinning around Tenchi's back. He then delivered a great 
whack with his bokken across the boy's legs. Tenchi fell, and lay there for a 
moment, while Katsuhito watched him, again with his arms folded and his sword 
clutched in one hand. "Always expect the unexpected." At that moment he saw that 
now familiar flash among the trees, and Kyokki glided out. 
	"A very interesting lesson." She said, smiling. "Good Morning Tenchi." 
	Tenchi scrambled to his feet, albeit painfully. "Good morning, Miss 
Kyokki." He managed to get out. Katsuhito just looked at her.
	Her smile faltered a bit. "I heard you practicing and came over to 
observe." She looked at Yosho. "Would you mind if I asked you to spar with me? 
It's been a while and I could use the practice." 
	Yosho bowed, "I would be honored." He looked at Tenchi, "Tenchi, you may 
take a break, but I want you to stay and watch, it will be good for you to 
observe the match."
	Tenchi nodded and moved to the edge of the clearing. 
	Yosho picked up the bokken that Tenchi had left on the ground and tossed 
it to Kyokki, she snagged it expertly out of the air and set it between her 
feet. She then reached for the hem of her shirt and tugged it over her head, 
leaving her wearing a snug knit shirt that she had had on underneath the bulkier 
garment. She then bent down and removed her soft shoes. This done, she folded 
the shirt neatly and placed the shoes on top of the pile that lay near Tenchi. 
She picked up the sword once again and moved to the center of the clearing, 
shifting and turning the weapon until she reached just the right balance.
	"Tell me when you are ready." Yosho called out. He was already preparing 
to take it easy on her, he was a master swordsman after all. 
	Kyokki smiled menacingly. She could see that he wasn't going to give it 
all he had, so she would just have to drag it out of him. She nodded, and each 
bowed to the other. Then the game was afoot. They circled each other, each 
taking account of every small movement, weighing and judging the skill of the 
opponent. Kyokki had had the opportunity to watch Yosho fight, so she had the 
upper hand, and she wasn't about to lose it. She let him attack first. 
	Tenchi watched in astonishment the fight that was going on before him. 
Every blow, every move, that had felled him, or injured him, or even knocked him 
unconscious was blocked. Kyokki moved like a whirlwind, but Yosho was not to be 
left behind. He blocked each of her counterstrokes easily, neither of them were 
even breaking a sweat even though they looked like they were going all out. They 
whirled across the clearing, a warm front and cold, their swords thundering as 
they met and were thrust away. The moves were almost difficult to follow each 
blurring into another as they were met and overcome. They were equal, neither 
was giving ground, and neither getting a stroke in edgewise. 
	Yosho was fighting, his whole body and mind connected into the fight and 
to the woman he was up against. She was smiling grimly, enjoying this test of 
her skills. And he admired her for it. Finally, the two swords met and held, and 
the two warriors were pressed up against each other, neither able, nor willing 
to give an inch. Kyokki knew the match was over and figured that since they were 
so close, she might as well take advantage of it. Her face reached up past the 
straining arms and creaking wood and found Katsuhito's. Then their lips met, her 
soft full lips pressing against his tight ones, and for a moment the fight was 
forgotten by both, even though the warriors' arms still strained with the 
bokken. Katsuhito's lips softened for a second then tightened again. Kyokki drew 
back and looked him in the eyes, drinking in their color. "It is a draw." She 
whispered, and Yosho agreed, even though he felt somehow that he had lost. They 
backed away from each other, their swords now lowered. They bowed, and Kyokki 
turned away to retrieve her garments. She walked past Tenchi, who was now 
utterly amazed and still sitting frozen in the place where they had left him. 
She handed him the bokken with a soft "Thank you." And he nodded wordlessly. She 
gathered up her clothes and went towards the house to take a much-needed bath. 
Kyokki heard Katsuhito start to speak behind her.
	"You must always be prepared to admit a draw or a defeat when your 
opponent is equally or more skilled." He was lecturing, although his voice had a 
wondering note to it.
	Kyokki smiled into her shoes. She had won.
  



