The characters in Tenchi Muyo! Are owned by AIC Pioneer. I am only borrowing 
them to craft a story for my own amusement so don't sue me. I am but a poor 
college student trying to fill my empty life so be nice.

' ' : thinking
" " : speaking

Chapter 5: A Time for Revelations


	Kyokki was floating in the formless darkness; all sensation had ceased 
except for that of despair. She could feel her life slipping slowly away, and 
there was nothing to be done about it. She knew that Yosho would take her to 
Washu, and she wanted to tell him to stop, to go back. She struggled with the 
darkness, trying to find the strength to tell him that it was the only way her 
life may be saved. It was useless.
	Yosho ran with all the speed he could muster out of the mountains. He 
stumbled often in the darkness, but kept going, knowing that the only chance the 
woman he loved had was in the hands of Washu. He approached the house and saw 
the whole family rushing out to meet him. Ryoko reached him first, and he gave 
her Kyokki. She flew back to Washu, who opened a portal into her lab, then the 
two of them ran through. The portal closed behind them and Yosho stopped, 
clasping his knees, trying to regain his breath. 
	Then he fell, kneeling in the midst of the softly waving grass, and wept. 
The grief came out of him in a huge torrent. Sasami rushed up to him and knelt 
too, clasping him in her arms. 
	"What happened out there Grandfather? The power was enormous." She asked, 
when his tears had lessened. 
	He looked into her tear-filled eyes. "She was glorious." He managed to get 
out, wonderingly. Then he rose and stood unsteadily for a moment. Ayeka was 
clinging to Tenchi and Mihoshi to Noboyuki. Sasami stood next to him and 
supported him. Then they all walked to the door leading to Washu's lab and 
passed through.
	They found Kyokki lying on a hospital bed in the lab, Washu was working 
over her and Ryoko stood to one side of the room, watching helplessly. Kyokki 
looked terrible, all the color had fled from her body, leaving her the shade of 
a piece of driftwood. She was thinner, all her substance was gone, and her chest 
struggled to rise with every faint breath. It was an hour before dawn.
	Washu rushed around, trying this, flipping on that, nothing had any affect 
whatsoever on the still form of the woman lying on the bed. Finally she stopped, 
and let out a shaky breath. Her shoulders heaved with suppressed sobs. Ryoko 
went over to her. 
	"Mom, can't you do anything?" Washu looked up at her, feeling slightly 
pleased at being called mom, and shook her head. 
	"She is made up of something completely different from anything else in 
the universe. Given time." She stopped at looked at Kyokki, " given time, I may 
be able to figure it out, but she doesn't have that time." She wailed, "I don't 
know what to do!" 
	Ryoko took her mother in her arms and they cried together.
	Yosho walked up to them, "Washu," he said urgently, " there must be 
something."  Washu shook her head again. "There must be something" he cried and 
ran over to the bed. "Kyokki," he called, taking her limp body and holding it 
close to him. "Kyokki don't give up, don't leave me-us." He held her, looking 
into her face, "Please," he whispered, "I need you." The rest just stood around 
the bed, watching sadly. It was a half an hour before dawn.

	Kyokki struggled against the darkness, but she had no power left, what 
little kept her breathing was being slowly sapped away. Then before her, she 
thought she saw a glimmer, she rushed towards it, and growing closer, saw that 
it was a flame. The flame was bright and pure. She flew to it and clasped it to 
her, then she felt a warmth steal through her body. And she took in all that the 
light could give her, not much, but just enough. She may still have a chance.
	Yosho was kneeling beside the bed, his hand entwined with that of Kyokki. 
He felt her fingers flex slightly, and he looked at her as a little color came 
back to her face. 
	Her eyelids fluttered, then opened, and the assembled gasped and rushed 
in. She turned her head slowly and looked at Yosho, her eyes unnaturally bright. 
	"Katsuhito, take me back," she whispered. She stiffened in pain, "Take me 
back to the mountain, Katsuhito."
	"But, you. I can't." He said haltingly.
	She smiled a tiny smile, and raised one hand to touch his face. 
"Katsuhito, do you love me?" she whispered. He turned his face away from her. 
She brought up her other hand and turned him back to face her, "Do you love me?" 
she demanded.
	He stared at her wasted form, still clad in the filmy white gown she had 
worn during her battle. "I do, and I have since the moment I saw you." He said 
despairingly.
	"Then take me back," she whispered, "It is my only chance. I need to be 
there when the sun rises." Her eyes closed. "Katsuhito...aikou." She said with 
her last bit of strength, then she lapsed back into unconsciousness, her color 
fleeing once more. The group looked at Kyokki and Katsuhito in mute 
astonishment. It was ten minutes before sunrise. 
	Katsuhito stood and gathered Kyokki in his arms. "I am taking her back." 
He said, not looking up.
	"But, Grandpa. She's dying." Tenchi protested.
	"Then I will honor her last request." He snapped, and started out of the 
room. He was startled when he felt Ryoko's arms clasp about them both. 
	"I can get you there faster," she explained sadly. And they flew out of 
the portal into the pre-dawn mist.
	"Over there," Yosho directed, as they approached the spot where Kyokki had 
faced her enemy. Ryoko set them down gently, then sensing that he wanted to be 
alone, phased quietly out. Yosho stood there, holding Kyokki gently in his arms, 
as the mist swirled about them. He could feel her breath getting fainter. "Hold 
on," he begged her, "please hold on." Then the horizon started to lighten. It 
was dawn. The sun peeked out over the mists and the first rays darted towards 
the two. When they reached him, they wrapped around them, and he felt Kyokki 
being lifted out of his arms. He kissed her gently, and then he stepped back and 
released her to the embracing rays. She rose among the rays, as buoyant as a 
feather. Then out of the light, and formed of the insubstantial mist, the figure 
of a man became apparent. He strode powerfully forward and the rays took Kyokki 
to him. He clasped her protectively in his arms, and for a moment his eyes 
locked with Yosho's. He gasped. They were the same eyes as those of his beloved, 
and he could see the power and wisdom in those depthless eyes. Then the man and 
woman disappeared, and Yosho was left alone, he stayed frozen to the spot until 
the noonday sun glared brightly down on him, then he turned and made his way 
slowly off of the cliff.
	Meanwhile, back at the house, the girls were regaling Washu with question 
after question. Finally, Washu held up her hands, "Silence." She pulled up her 
keyboard and punched a few buttons, and each was suddenly seated in a school 
desk. Washu assumed her professor robes and stepped to the podium, "Now, if you 
want a question answered, please raise you hand." 
	Ayeka rather sheepishly raised her delicate arm.
	"Yes, Miss Ayeka?" Washu called on her. 
	"Well, I was wondering, who exactly is Miss Kyokki?" she asked hesitantly.
	"An interesting question, Miss Ayeka. One worthy of my phenomenal 
intellect." She paused for a moment. "Kyokki is a created being, not unlike 
Ryoko, but where I used my own ovum to create my daughter, Kyokki was created by 
thought alone."
	"What do you mean 'by thought alone'?" Asked Tenchi. Suddenly a huge crab 
statue dropped on his head.
	"Don't interrupt." Washu admonished. "She is the daughter of Tentousama, 
the sun, providence, and god; the god of this galaxy, at least. He manipulates 
it." She thought. "It is a great responsibility to take charge a solar system, 
or a galaxy, because that means you have to watch over it. Some gods choose not 
to intercede but to merely observe. Tentousama is not one of these gods. After a 
horrible catastrophe totally depopulated Mars, he decided that he was too remote 
and needed someone to look after things for him. So when the Jurians colonized 
Earth, he created Hinode Ichizo." She smiled, reminiscing. "Tentousama is 
extremely intelligent, I could actually have a conversation with him, without 
him covering his ears or falling asleep."
	"You knew him, Miss Washu?" Tenchi interrupted. Then ducked, but Washu was 
too caught up in the memory to drop large objects on him.
	"Yes," she said, her eyes distant, her voice soft, "a long time ago. It 
was after he created his daughter, but I never met her." She snapped back into 
reality, "Anyway, He was very intelligent, and he realized that the farther away 
the planets were from his rays, the weaker his power was. So he decided to 
create a vessel to carry out his will and to prevent a planet-wide disaster from 
ever happening again. He used himself as a base, but decided to make his 
creation female, because the female is the natural giver of life. When 
Hinode was completely formed; I hear even he was amazed. Not only was she 
powerful and beautiful, she was graceful, talented, loving, intelligent, and had 
a gung-ho personality." She gave Ryoko a disapproving look, and cleared her 
throat. "She is like a well, in which all of his power is stored and all she has 
to do to use it is to pull it up. He sent her down onto earth at the beginning 
of the age when modern man first emerged. 
	Next question."
	Ryoko raised her hand reluctantly.
	"Yes, daughter?" Washu said fondly.
	Ryoko scowled, "Well, if she is so powerful, then why was she dying after 
that fight?"
	"In that question there are two things that need to be answered, one is 
the obvious one, the other is implied." She looked around, "Now, for a cookie, 
what is the other question?"
	Sasami raised her hand eagerly, "I know. The other question would be, 
'What was the thing she was fighting?'" 
	Washu smiled broadly, "Wonderful, Sasami." And a cookie appeared on her 
desk. 
	Sasami picked it up and looked at it doubtfully. It looked suspiciously 
like the ones she had baked that morning, but she decided not to make an issue 
out of it.
	"I'm going to answer the second question first." Washu continued. "When we 
felt the energy of that mass approaching, I sent out a probe to get a sample. 
When that probe returned, it had nearly been destroyed. And all that it 
contained was the tiniest particle of the mass. I ran tests on the sample and 
found that it is something in the nature of a disease. It attacks and absorbs 
the biological energy of all that it touches. And I also ran the sample against 
some geological data I had collected, and found that this was not the first time 
that it had struck. Apparently, this was not the first time that Kyokki fought 
it either. But it appears that she missed the tiniest bit and that it 
regenerated itself over the eons. After I ran all of my tests, I decided that 
the sample I had obtained was too dangerous to keep, so I destroyed it, but even 
that tiny molecule took three fourths of all the power in my lab to destroy." 
She paused to take a breath. "And this is what leads me into the first question. 
If it took that much energy to destroy a single particle of that disease, 
imagine how much it would take to destroy billions." She continued on with a 
note of wonder. "But that is just what Kyokki did. Remember that I told you that 
she was like a well of her father's power, now imagine that you have a single 
person using a well, then the number grows into a village, then a town, then a 
city, a country, then the entire world was using the well. What would you 
imagine would happen?" 
	"It would go dry." Ayeka answered. She saw Tenchi look at her in 
admiration and she flushed warmly.
	"Exactly. Now usually Kyokki would have been able to rebuild her power, 
but the sickness emerged at night, and Kyokki gets her energy from the sun. So 
she drew and drew from herself until she made sure that, this time, the sickness 
was completely obliterated. Having done that she was almost empty, with only 
enough power to keep her breathing, and that too would have soon been used up." 
She shook her head wonderingly. "I don't know how she could even speak when she 
told Katsuhito to take her back to the mountain. She must have found some other 
viable energy source, small, but just large enough to allow her to communicate 
that last time." She stopped and, her voice low, she said. "Class dismissed." 
Just then she saw a shadow move near the portal of her lab, and knew that Yosho 
had heard the entire thing.
	Yosho had quickly returned to the house because he had wanted to speak to 
Washu, but upon entering her lab he had found class in session and he lingered 
near the door, listening intently to her explanations. But he still had one 
question, so he stood in the shadows until everyone had left but he and Washu, 
then he approached her. "Washu." He said. Washu turned and waited expectantly. 
"When we were all sitting around her, right before she woke up that last time, I 
felt as though something was drawing at me. Do you know what it was?" 
	Washu looked at him for a moment in the dimness of her lab, assessing. 
"What were you feeling at that moment?" she asked. 
	"As though my heart were being ripped out of my chest. I felt love for 
her, and it drowned out everything else."
	Washu nodded in satisfaction. "You kept her alive." Then with that 
enigmatic statement she walked away into the shadows, leaving the confused man 
staring after her. 
	Yosho walked around for the rest of the day in sort of a daze. He ate, he 
did his chores, he gave Tenchi his lesson, but his mind was not on any of these 
things. The others watched him warily, knowing that their own grief was 
magnified in him. They were afraid of what might happen when it finally broke 
free. When Yosho said his goodnights and went up to the temple to sleep, Tenchi 
followed soon after, and made up his own bed in the temple office, determined to 
be close by if his grandpa needed him.
	Yosho lay on his bed staring sightlessly at the beamed ceiling. In such a 
long life one expected to have loss and grief, but he felt that he had had more 
than his fair share. First his wife died at such a young age, then his daughter, 
now this. He did not know if his heart could take it if Kyokki didn't survive, 
if she never came back. He had loved her deeply, and had only admitted it at the 
last. He cursed himself for not spending those few days more constructively, 
they might contain all of his memories of the woman now. 
	He sat up in bed, his heart aching. He threw on a robe and left the room, 
not so much as glancing at the now empty one across the hall. He felt the need 
to speak to his wife and daughter.
	Yosho knelt beside the graves, silently watching the clouds race across 
the face of the moon. He began to speak. "My dearest wife, I never thought I 
would again love someone as much as I did you, but it seems to have happened. 
Only... only, I have lost her, as I did you, as I did our daughter. It seems 
that I am cursed where women are concerned. I know them for only a short while 
before they are taken away from me. I loved her my wife." He paused and took a 
shaky breath. "I wish you could know her, she was beautiful, like the rising 
sun. She gave all that she had for this planet, for all of us." 
He turned to the other grave. "And Achika, my dearest daughter. I miss you as 
much today as the day that you were taken from me. It seems that I carry all of 
this grief with me, and I am unable to shake this burden off of my soul. I guess 
that when you get older, you love more deeply than when you were young, and it 
is harder to let go. Perhaps it is because you know that life is fleeting and 
you must grab it while you can. I wish you could be here, to see your son, all 
grown up. And Noboyuki, it seems that he has found happiness once again, and I 
know that you would be glad in that. I feel that I am living for Tenchi now, if 
Kyokki doesn't return, I will stay strong for him. But I will long for the day 
when I can be reunited with the...three...of you." He slumped in the grass 
dejectedly. 
	Tenchi woke when he heard the sound of footsteps going across the yard, 
and he stood up and peered through the slightly parted doors to see his 
grandfather walking out into the moonlight. He hesitated for a few moments then 
turned and began to dress. After pulling on a shirt and his pants he walked out 
onto the hard stone, his bare feet slapping against it. He followed his 
grandfather to the graves and stood in the shadows. He heard the last part of 
his grandfathers talk with his mother and grandmother, and when the old man fell 
silent, Tenchi walked over and put his hand on his grandfather's shoulder. Tears 
running down both of their faces, they said nothing as they walked back to the 
temple and Tenchi went back to the office and Yosho to his room. Neither would 
get much sleep that night.
	Yosho woke from his fitful slumber just as the darkness of the night sky 
was making its way into the steel gray of the pre-dawn. He stood and dressed 
quickly. Then he exited his room and made his way up into the mountains. When he 
reached the hilltop where he last saw Kyokki he stopped and sat upon the grass. 
He watched the wind ripple through the shadow covered valley and thought of the 
moments that he had shared with Kyokki upon this hill. He pictured her, as 
bright as the sun, then later as withered as a dry leaf, his mind shied away 
from that particular image. He placed his palms upon the ground and pushed 
himself up. Then stood and faced the east, waiting. He knew that if she were to 
return that she would return with the rising sun. And he breathlessly 
anticipated its arrival. He held his breath as the first sliver of light 
appeared in the east, and soon the clouds were tinted in the delicate pastels of 
morning. He waited, so tense that he could feel his muscles locking into place. 
Nothing happened, and she did not come. When the sun was well above the horizon 
Yosho turned and made his way sadly back down out of the mountains. He would 
wait again tomorrow.
