	This is the fourth chapter in my story, I hope that you have enjoyed the 
previous ones. Anyways, it was fun to write. This is, dum...dum...DUM... the 
climactic chapter. Oh, and Tenchi Muyo! is owned by Pioneer, I'm just writing 
this for my own pleasure, so don't sue me or anything. 

' ' : Thinking
" " : speaking
* * : telepathic communication

Chapter 4: A Power Unleashed

	They all slept in Noboyuki's house that night, too tired out by the 
festivities to move to their assigned rooms. Tenchi was lying sprawled out on 
the floor, with Ayeka on one side and Ryoko on the other. Sasami was curled up 
with Ryo-Ohki on her lap, her head resting on Kyokki's shoulder, while Kyokki 
was asleep on Yosho's. Washu was draped across one of her levitating pillows.
Upon waking, Kyokki noticed that two of her family were noticeably absent, 
Noboyuki himself and the scatterbrained Mihoshi. Kyokki smiled from Yosho's 
exceptionally strong shoulder. That slinky black number had gotten its job done 
the night before. She picked Sasami up off of herself and stood up, then laid 
her gently back down in the spot that she had vacated. She stretched and looked 
at those scattered around the living room. The woman smiled, and softly stepping 
over the sleeping Ryoko, walked out the sliding glass doors into the morning. 
	The sky was overcast that morning, and she knew that it was a reflection 
of her father's mood, it would clear up when she spoke to him. She walked 
lightly through the dew-beaded grass and skipped up the steps to the shrine. She 
walked past Funaho and up into the hills to her waiting spot. While she was 
standing in her accustomed place, waiting for the sun, it started to rain, just 
a bit of a hazy drizzle, and her mood deteriorated rapidly. She hated getting 
rained on. She stood there fuming as the first rays broke through the gaps in 
the clouds, turning them scarlet and peach. When the rays touched her, she could 
swear she heard her father chuckling, and she said angrily and softly, "It is 
not funny." And the rain stopped, though the sky still remained a hazy gray 
color, the light of the sky muted by the thin layer of clouds. 
	Before she started back to the temple she spun a towel out of the air and 
used it to strip the moisture out of her disheveled locks. Then she formed it 
into a soft robe to cover her dress until she could change into a more suitable 
outfit. She reached the temple and was in her room, changing, when she heard a 
soft rap on her door. She pulled on her gray pants and called, "Come in." 
Katsuhito opened the door, and finding her suitably attired, it amused Kyokki 
that he checked, stood in the doorway, watching her as she hung the dress she 
had worn the night before in the closet. When her fingers brushed lingeringly 
across a filmy white gown, he flushed deeply, not being able to prevent himself 
from picturing her in it. He stood there a moment longer just watching, until he 
noticed her looking at him curiously. 
	"I, uh, just wanted to tell you that I was going to go back down to the 
house. We aren't going to be able to get much done outside now that this wind 
has started." He gestured at the window, where a heavy wind had blown off the 
cloud cover and was now tossing its way through the trees. "I'm going to have 
Tenchi do his practice, then just visit for the rest of the day."
	Kyokki nodded, "I am going to do my exercises, then I will also be down." 
She held up a still disheveled lock of hair and looked at it disgustedly, "And I 
think I will take another bath."
	Yosho nodded back and bowed his way out the door. 'Maybe I will join her.' 
He thought. 
	Kyokki found the wind invigorating as she danced through the clearing, it 
whipped and tossed at her hair as she leapt and twisted in the air. And she 
often had to stop, laughing, to bind it, once again into her customary ponytail. 
She was doing a series of hand flips when she noticed that she had an audience. 
She missed a landing and ended up sprawled, most uncomfortably, on her back.
	Yosho rushed over to her, checking to see if she was all right. He found 
her unhurt and offered her a hand to help her climb back to her feet. 
Kyokki lay there for a moment looking up at him. Then she accepted his hand and 
stood. 
	Yosho coughed uncomfortably, "I was just coming over to see if you were 
done, and if I could walk with you down to the house." He watched her as she 
stretched out and did a backwards handstand, then flipped back to her feet. 
	"I am done," she told him. Then she went over to the edge of the clearing 
to retrieve a small bag. After hoisting it over her shoulder, she looked at 
Yosho questioningly. "Shall we go?"
	He nodded and they walked side by side down to the house. Once they got 
there Kyokki retreated into the onsen, and Yosho watched her for a moment before 
following. 
When he opened the bath door, he found her already undressed and soaping herself 
with a bar that smelled of honey and clover. He walked in and she looked up at 
him, surprised. 
	"Are you going to bathe too?" she asked. He nodded but did not move. "Well 
it is going to be rather difficult if you are still wearing your clothes." She 
laughed a silvery laugh and flounced back into the pool. 
	Yosho undressed and tied a brief towel across his loins, then he too moved 
into the water, choosing one of the hottest sections of the pool. He lay back 
until only his face was above water and sighed contentedly. He closed his eyes 
and let himself drift across the comforting liquid. When he once again opened 
his eyes he saw Kyokki's face quite close to his own, and startled, he slid 
under the water, only to emerge again a moment later, sputtering.
	"Are you quite well?" Kyokki asked, pounding him on the back. 
	"Yes," he managed to get out between fits of coughs. 
	Kyokki settled into the warm water next to him, only the tops of her 
breasts visible above the water line, a fact for which Yosho was grateful, he 
couldn't think straight when confronted with her naked body, and his body's 
reaction was making him decidedly uncomfortable.
	Kyokki took the opportunity to study Yosho's torso and back, and she 
sighed with longing. His shoulders were broad and muscular, and they had no hint 
of an older man's stoop. In fact, if you looked at him from behind, and could 
take your eyes away from his behind, you would think him to be a man of no more 
than twenty, with premature gray hair. When Yosho recovered from his coughing 
spell, he settled back next to Kyokki. 
	They sat there for a long while, with Kyokki thinking, and Yosho merely 
inhaling the perfume of her soap and trying to forget that there was a very 
desirable and naked woman sitting next to him. They sat silently until finally 
Kyokki let out a pensive sigh.
	"Katsuhito, I need you to do something for me," She said, looking over at 
him. "Tonight, at midnight, I will have to do the task that I came here for. 
While I am busy I want you to keep the girls, Tenchi, and Noboyuki in the 
house."
	"Why?" He asked doubtfully.
	"I do not want them to get hurt." She looked deeply into his marvelous 
eyes. "There will be enormous power at play tonight, they would only be in the 
way. My task is as such that no one can help me with it. Their own powers would 
be useless."
	"Do you have such power?" Yosho asked, becoming a little fearful.
	"I do." She said dismissively. "Will you do this for me Katsuhito?"
	"I will." He decided, although by no means did he intend to remain behind. 
"Although you have given me a difficult job, that bunch is strong-willed."
	"So are you." She said, then she waded to the steps of the pool and 
climbed out, giving him a view of the birthmark at the small of her back, among 
other things. She stopped, her back turned towards him, her head lowered, "I 
know there is no way to persuade you to stay behind as well, but I will never 
forgive myself if anything happens to you." She turned then, and he could see 
the tears in her glorious eyes. "Do not say anything to anyone of what I have 
told you, remember it is for their safety." She grabbed a robe, threw it on, and 
fled. Leaving a somewhat dumbfounded Yosho staring after her. 
	'This didn't turn out the way I expected it at all' he thought as he again 
slid beneath the water.
	Some time later, Yosho walked out to the living room and found the whole 
group assembled, they were telling stories, and he found a seat and settled back 
to listen. 
	Sasami was telling a story about a tree sprite that fell in love with a 
prince and took the form of a human in order to win his heart. Her eyes glowed 
and she gazed often at a smiling Tenchi during her narrative. Yosho smiled, they 
would make a good match. After Sasami had finished with a round of applause and 
compliments, Ayeka rose to tell an old story of her native planet, Jurai. Then 
Mihoshi chimed in with a tale of heroic police work, in which she figured as the 
heroine. After she took her seat next to the happily smiling Noboyuki, she 
looked around and said, "Who's next," her eyes fell upon Kyokki and she chirped 
happily, "Kyokki, tell us a story." Everyone voiced his or her agreement and 
Kyokki took the center stage, smiling graciously. 
When she was ready to begin her story she drew herself up to her tallest and 
stood imperiously gazing at the assembled group. She began reciting in a 
sonorous voice, "Before the age of mists and legends, there dwelt the sun." The 
listeners sat spellbound as she wove the tale that Yosho had heard once, long, 
long, ago. 
	
	Yosho sat forward, listening intently. He heard a few differences, for 
one, the sun had not named his daughter, the people did that at a later time. It 
wasn't a very big distinction, but it caught at him. She told the story with 
graceful movements, seeming to be, at once, both the sun and his daughter. She 
was even a greater storyteller than the one he had heard in times distant. 
She finished by throwing her arms out, "... and those who saw her in glimpses, 
called her Hinode Ichizo, daughter of the rising sun." She dropped her arms, and 
all sat silent for a stunned instant, then they applauded and called out for 
encores, which Kyokki refused with a shake of her head.
	
	Kyokki sat down, immensely satisfied with her performance, then she caught 
both Washu and Yosho looking at her speculatively. She smiled at them and they 
looked away. Sometime later, as the sun was sliding reluctantly below the 
horizon, she slipped away from the gathering to make preparations for her coming 
ordeal. As she went out the doorway she paused for a moment, looking at the 
gathering behind her, cementing the memories of their faces forever in her mind. 
Then she walked out, and only a pair of purple eyes saw her go.
Once she was outside, she commenced communication with Kokuten. 

	* I started sensing it just as the sun set, mistress. *

	'Yes Kokuten, I sensed it too. Did you pick up from which direction it 
would come?'

	* East. *

	She walked for a while under the wan starlight, heading to the temple. 
	
	'Did you find anything of use to me?'

	* No, I am sorry. But I did find that it seems to have a specific goal in 
mind when it emerges. *

	'And that is.'

	* It seems to be seeking you. *

	She smiled grimly, 'And I will meet it.'

	* Be careful, my mistress. * 

	'I always am, Kokuten, I always am.' She thought. 'I am going to leave you 
in the temple, Kokuten.'

	* But...*

	'Do not argue with me, I do not wish to have you destroyed.'

	* I would rather be destroyed than to be without you. *

	Kyokki smiled, 'That is very sweet, but I will not be able to use my whole 
energy if I have you with me.'

	* Very well mistress, and I will await your return. *

	Kyokki held back the tears that started in her eyes. 

	She went into her room in the temple and sat on the bed for a moment. Then 
she reached into the bag she had been carrying with her that day, and drew out 
the filmy white gown. She held it gently in her hands and looked at it with 
blurred eyes, it was a gift from one of her dearest friends. When she gave it to 
her she had said, "This is meant to be worn on a wedding night, but if you find 
you have occasion to wear it beforehand, then do so, and remember me." Kyokki 
had decided that if she were to perish tonight, she wanted to do it wearing that 
dress. She held it against her breasts and wept for a few moments, regretful 
tears. She then took off the gi she had been wearing and slipped into it for the 
first time. It was loose and flowing, its silken lengths molding to the curves 
of her body as though the gown was a part of her own skin. She silently thanked 
her beloved friend, and then she took up a dark cloak that she had had in the 
closet and wrapped herself in it. She left the room after a final glance and 
made her way out of the temple and up into the mountains.

	Back at the house, everyone was lounging around, when suddenly they each 
felt something terrible. "What is that?" Ryoko said. 

	Washu had pulled up one of her holo-tops and was typing busily. She 
stopped frequently to scan the readouts, until finally she stopped.

	"What is it, Miss Washu?" Ayeka asked, somewhat irritably. 
Washu waited.

	"I mean, Little Washu," Ayeka amended.

	"I don't know for sure, but I can see that it is a great and malevolent 
energy, seemingly originating from a few miles east." She looked around. "Where 
is Kyokki?" She said, noticing for the first time that she was missing.

	"She left a while back," Yosho said softly from the shadows. 

	Washu nodded, "I suspected, but I didn't know for sure," she muttered, 
half to herself.

	"What did you suspect, Washu?" Sasami asked, a bit fearfully.
	
	"That she was the woman in that story she told, Sasami. She is Hinode 
Ichizo. And tonight, her powers will be used, for the first time in many, many 
centuries."

	"We have to help her!" Yelled Tenchi, and he spun and started to run out 
the door, only to be stopped by Yosho's restraining hand. "Let me go, grandpa!"

	"No, Tenchi. She made me promise that I would keep you here tonight, and 
she said that if you tried to help her you would be hurt. I believe her." He 
finished, not looking Tenchi in the eye. 

	"He's right Tenchi," Washu agreed, "You would only get in the way, and 
your power would have no effect on what she is facing."

	"Are you just going to let her fight alone?" Sasami asked tearfully, 
fretfully wringing her hands before her. "Grandfather, what if she gets hurt?" 

	"I did not promise not to go, but I will not involve myself in the fight, 
I would only distract her." He turned and walked purposefully out the door, then 
paused, "Washu, will you keep them here?" he asked.

	"I will." 

	He nodded and continued on into the darkness.

	Mihoshi, who had been silent throughout this exchange, buried her head in 
Noboyuki's chest and began to bawl.

	In the mountains, Kyokki was almost to her destination. Before she left 
the trees, she paused and hung her cloak on a convenient tree branch then, clad 
only in her filmy gown, she strode up the hill. It would not be long now.
At that moment, Yosho was running towards the place where he knew he would find 
her, praying with every breath that he would get there in time, if not to help, 
then to at least be there to support her. When he approached the cliff where he 
had stood and watched her greet the sunrise, he slowed, and almost crept until 
he reached the edge of the trees. He stood there, amidst the concealing 
greenery, and watched the solitary figure standing on the edge of the 
promontory. She was clad only in a filmy white gown and her silky hair tumbled 
loose, flapping and twisting, as did the material of her dress, in the forceful 
wind. As he watched her, he noticed a black cloudbank, or not a cloudbank, but a 
sheet of darkness approaching from the east, and as it progressed it turned all 
to darkness and blacked out the moon, it leached all the color and life out of 
everything it touched. It was midnight.

 	Hinode Ichizo was no longer standing upon the earth, she rose standing on 
the insubstantial air, first a few inches, then a few feet above the rocky edge. 
As she rose she began to change. Through the filmy white material of her gown, 
the birthmark at the small of her back began to glow, then it suddenly flashed 
into incandescence. It spread, first covering her back, then her legs, until her 
entire skin glowed with the brilliance of molten gold. Her hair flew wildly, 
spreading out behind her like a fan of fire, and her eyes burned the color of 
purest blue flame. Her hands came up in a gesture of supplication, and it seemed 
like all the light of the waning stars gathered and grew in her cupped palms, 
and they burned like the light of a thousand suns. The light flew into the air, 
no longer able to be contained within her slender fingers, in a multihued range 
of colors, until they seemed to be the northern lights, the light spread, 
turning the night sky into an array of brilliance. The encroaching blackness 
seemed to flinch as its progress slowed. Kyokki raised her hands, now clenched 
into fists, higher and the light gathered to her. Then she drew back her arms 
and thrust them before her, and all the light that they had contained flowed 
into the creeping darkness. The power kept flowing until it reached the wall, 
where it tangled in the darkness. It mixed, with streaks of inky blackness and 
brilliant color intertwining. Kyokki kept her hands raised, palm out, and the 
power continued to flow, unabated, from the woman of flame. The light battled 
with the darkness for what seemed like hours, until it seemed that the power 
flowing out of the woman was beating back the flow. The darkness retreated but 
the power followed it, seeking it out, destroying it, even into the very earth. 
Everywhere the light touched, the life was restored, and the scent of flowers 
once again rose upon the wind. Kyokki lowered her arms slowly, and turned in mid 
air to face the spot where Yosho stood. And he saw the true form of Hinode 
Ichizo, and the night was like unto day in her presence.

	Kyokki felt her breath shorten in anticipation of the battle that was 
about to ensue. 

	The darkness approached like a blanket, smothering all the light that it 
encountered. She lifted herself off the ground and stood on the air, then she 
began to draw all of her power from within herself to fight her enemy. She 
struggled against it, the sickness was more powerful than she could have ever 
imagined. But finally she had won out, the light that she had fed to the 
darkness was too much for it, and it was destroyed. After her visible enemy was 
vanquished, she went seeking for her invisible one. She sent her power seeking 
through the earth and rock, through the sky and water, scourging all traces of 
the sickness from the earth that she encountered, seeking the seed. When she 
found it, in the deepest darkest hole in the earth, almost all of her energy was 
gone. The black creature was powerful, and the last of her own power went into 
defeating it. It screamed in agony as the light of a thousand suns flowed into 
it, then it was no more, every cell was destroyed. As Kyokki floated, struggling 
for breath, she felt a familiar energy, and turned to find that Katsuhito had 
followed her.

	Throughout the fight Yosho was seized with conflicting emotions, he felt 
awe, fear, and love for the woman before him, and anger and hatred for the thing 
that threatened his world and Kyokki. He watched her helplessly as she 
struggled, he wanted to fight with her, for her, against her, to do something 
besides just standing there and watching. But stand there he did, like a 
forgotten statue around which had grown a forest. 
He watched as the darkness was defeated and destroyed. Then felt her power surge 
through the earth and knew that the battle was not yet over. As the power 
funneled underneath him and through him he watched her, and felt the release of 
enormous energy when she found and destroyed that unseen enemy that she had 
sought. Then she turned and he saw her in all her glory, eclipsing the light 
that still streaked the sky. Then the light went out, and she returned to her 
natural state. He started towards her as she hovered there for a moment more. 

	Then she fell, all her light gone, and Yosho ran towards her, bending all 
his will and energy in his effort to reach her in time. Just before she passed 
the edge of the cliff Yosho leaped off and caught her in his arms, he then used 
his Jurian power in a great push to bring them back to the safety of the firm 
ground. He knelt, holding her tightly in his arms. She weighed no more than a 
dried leaf, her hair was dull and lifeless, her skin was ashen and her lips were 
tinged with blue. Kyokki's eyes fluttered open for a moment, their usually 
brilliant blue clouded and unfocused.

	"Katsuhito... thank... you..." She struggled to say. "For just...  being 
here." Came out in a whisper. Then she tried to smile and her eyes closed again. 
And she fell limp in his arms, barely breathing, barely alive. Yosho clutched 
her to him and began to run back to the house.
