Tenchi Muyo! belongs to AIC Pioneer. I am merely putting them into a situation 
of my own creation for my own amusement, so don't sue me, I'm broke.

' ' : thinking
" " : speaking


Chapter 9: And the Trees Sang


	Kyokki awoke with her face still pressed against the table and immediately 
wished that she hadn't. She just couldn't figure out which was worse, the 
headache or the stiffness of sleeping in an awkward position. She sat up slowly 
and decided, the headache, definitely, was worse. She couldn't remember the last 
time she had drunk so much sake, and decided that it would be a long time before 
she did so again. She carefully opened her eyes and looked around the room, 
squinting, even in the faint light. 
	Everyone was basically where he or she had crashed the night before. She 
stretched her legs out and brought her hands to her head. Luckily, she had 
discovered a remedy for such a thing the first time that this had happened. A 
small surge of power through the forehead and she was as good as new. She peeked 
under the table at Yosho, who had somehow slid under there in his sleep. He was 
blinking owlishly at her. "Good morning, my love." She whispered gently.
	He winced and brought his hand to his own forehead, "Not so loud." He 
moaned. "Can't you see I'm sick?" 
	She smiled, and placed her hand over his. A small surge of power passed 
through them. "Better now?" she asked.
	He wriggled his way out from under the table, "Yes, much." He finally 
extricated himself and sat up, looking around the room, surveying the damage 
that their engagement party had caused. Finally his gaze rested on the woman 
next to him. "I think we should go before the rest of them wake up." He looked 
pointedly at Ryoko, who was snoring loudly, blowing bubbles in the puddle of 
sake that she had slept in.
	Kyokki laughed quietly and nodded in agreement. Then he carefully stood 
and helped her up beside him. She found her legs and leaned against him for a 
moment as they woke up. "Ooooh, I hate that feeling." She grumbled. 
	"What, of me holding you?" Yosho asked in mock chagrin.
	"No, renewed circulation." She tested her weight a moment. "All right let 
us go. It is almost time to see father."
	They walked across the sleeping yard and up the endless stairs. "Yosho?" 
Kyokki asked, looking at him as they walked. 
	"Yes, darling?" He smiled down at her.
	"Sometime last night, I think I accidentally set the date for our 
wedding." She said sheepishly.
	"Oh, how is that?" He asked as they walked through the temple yard.
	"Well, I seem to remember looking for something, I do not remember what. 
And my father asked me when we were going to get married." She paused, and Yosho 
looked at her expectantly. She smiled impishly at him. "You do not believe in 
long engagements." He shook his head, getting a little worried. "Well, how does 
tomorrow morning sound?" She said a little timidly.
	Yosho heaved a sigh of relief, "I thought you were going to say that we 
had already missed it."
	Kyokki laughed delightedly and threw herself in his arms. He twirled her 
around a few times and then got down to some serious kissing. "Whoa, let us stop 
before we forget about father entirely." Kyokki chided, tapping his nose. They 
continued on their long walk, leaning against each other and whispering. When 
they reached the cliff, Yosho hung back as he had before. But Kyokki would have 
none of that. "Come... Stand with me." She ordered him.
	"Yes, ma'am." He said with a completely straight face. He stood behind 
her, his arms wrapped around her waist. The light came and greeted them with the 
rising of the sun. Wrapped in the embrace of the rays, that was so much like the 
one he had with Kyokki, Yosho was again overwhelmed by a sense of love. And this 
time it didn't dissipate with the light. He held her as they gazed out over the 
valley, their valley. They listened to the bird song, surrounded by the life and 
growth of this green and blue planet. 
Everything pure and beautiful was theirs. He bent his head down to kiss her 
hair. It seemed that even the trees were singing.

	"Tomorrow!!" Ayeka shrieked. "But that is not nearly enough time." She and 
Kyokki were standing in the midst of the forest, their arms full of wildflowers. 
Sasami paused in the midst of picking a few more flowers that had caught her 
eye. 
	"Nearly enough time for what, sister?" She inquired. 
	"To prepare for the wedding ceremony." Ayeka informed her.
	"Do not worry, Ayeka, we do not need to do much." Kyokki assured her.
	"Can I be the flower girl?" Sasami asked her winsomely.
	"Of course, you and Ryo-Ohki will both be. And you three," She looked at 
Ayeka, "will stand up with me." Her tone said that the matter was closed. 
	"Will you be having the Jurai ceremony?" A voice asked from in amongst the 
surrounding trees. Funaho stepped out, her dark eyes dancing. "Dear Kyokki." She 
exclaimed, and extended her arms.  
	Kyokki laughed joyfully, handed her flowers to a stunned Ayeka, and ran to 
her, embracing her warmly. "I wondered when you would arrive," she said. "And I 
see that you have gotten here just in time."
	"In time for the wedding, yes." She smiled, "And who is the lucky 
gentleman?"
	"You mean you do not know?" Kyokki asked incredulously. Funaho shook her 
head. "Why, Yosho, of course."
	Funaho's eyes widened, "Truly?" Kyokki nodded. "Well, who would have 
thought? I finally get to attend the wedding of my son. I missed the last one."
	"Is everyone here?" Kyokki asked. 
	"Yes, Misaki went to the house first, to see Sasami. You know how she is. 
She is probably frantic by now." She smiled down at Sasami. "Azusa will be along 
later, without Seiryo." Ayeka looked relieved.  
	"Oh, dear." The young girl sighed. "Coming, Ayeka?" Ayeka nodded 
resignedly, and they both took of towards the house. Funaho watched them go, her 
black hair gleaming in the rays of light that danced through the branches of the 
trees.
	"They're such good girls." She said finally. Then she turned to Kyokki, 
	"Why don't you tell me what has happened, sister?" 
	Kyokki nodded and sat amidst the blowing petals of the cherry blossoms. 
Funaho sat next to her and listened intently as Kyokki related all that had 
happened since her return to earth. When she was finished Funaho sat back, a 
thoughtful look on her face.
	"I wonder what Azusa will have to say about this, he still has hopes that 
my son will marry Ayeka and assume the throne." She mused.
	"I cannot tell what the future holds, dear Funaho. Are you happy for us?" 
She asked, somewhat anxiously.
	Funaho smiled and reached out and took her hand, "Of course I am. I had 
thought that you two would make a good match." Kyokki was surprised. Funaho 
continued, "When I received your transmission, I thought that it would be nice 
for all of us to visit. Plus, I couldn't resist trying to play matchmaker." She 
gave Kyokki a sly smile. "Besides, maybe I would get to see my son more if he 
married my best friend. So yes, I am happy and Misaki will be ecstatic." She 
laughed, "So tell me, seriously. Which girl will Tenchi marry?" 
	Kyokki hedged, "I cannot say."
	"Cannot or will not?" Funaho teased.
	"Will not, I would like you to be surprised." Kyokki grinned, "What is 
life without surprises?"
	Funaho glowered. Just then they heard a voice, distant, among the trees. 
	"Kyokki." It called. 
	"I see that the men are done fishing." Kyokki commented. She stood and 
helped Funaho up. "We should go meet them, I would like to see the look on 
Yosho's face when he sees you. I hear it is priceless." 
	Funaho laughed, and they made their way towards the voice, talking of old 
times and old adventures. "...And every time he sat down, it croaked. Remember?" 
The two women burst into gales of laughter as they left the forest. 
	Yosho turned at the sound of voices coming from the edge of the wood and 
stopped, aghast. "It is priceless." Kyokki murmured to Funaho, who giggled.
	"Mother! I wasn't expecting you. Did you just arrive?" Yosho asked. 
	"Yes, Yosho. And I hear that we are just in time." She smiled. 
	"You are." He smiled at Kyokki who had walked up to him and took his hand 
in hers. "Is father here too?"
	"He will arrive shortly." She said, frowning slightly.
	"What is wrong, mother."
	"Nothing." She dismissed her thoughts. "Let us go and have some tea and 
talk."
	They walked to the house and opened the front door. Within they discovered 
that Misaki had discovered that Kokuten was there. When she heard the door open, 
she looked up from the wolf, whom she was smothering with love. "Kyokki," she 
gasped, her pink eyes shining hugely.
	"Dear Misaki." Kyokki said, spreading her arms.
	The wolf forgotten, and vastly relieved, Misaki flew to Kyokki and clasped 
her in one of her trademark bear hugs. Kyokki smiled weakly as Misaki wept on 
her shoulder with joy. 
	"Oh, it has been so long, Kyokki, it has been so long!!" She exclaimed.
	"Yes it has." Kyokki muttered as she tried to disengage herself from the 
emotionally overcome queen. She was not having much success. 
	"What has been going on, oh you look as pretty as ever, don't you ever 
change? I love that dress you're wearing." She stopped a moment to take a 
breath. Then launched off again.
	"Misaki," Kyokki tried, "Misaki? Are you listening to me?" 
	The blue haired woman stopped and looked at her. "What is it, Kyokki?" She 
asked, her tear-filled eyes fixed on the frustrated woman's face. Ayeka and 
Sasami stood off to one side with resigned expressions on their faces. 
	"I just wanted to tell you that you would be attending my wedding 
tomorrow." She said calmly, then braced for the explosion. It came.
	"You're getting married?!!" She looked around wildly. "Who to, Tenchi?" 
	Kyokki shook her head as Ayeka groaned. "That one?" She pointed to 
Noboyuki. 
	"No, Misaki." Kyokki said gently.
	Misaki sat on the floor shaking her head, "Then who?" She did not seem to 
notice that Yosho stood next to Kyokki with his arm around her shoulders.
	"Yosho." Kyokki informed her. 
	"Little Yosho! But, where is he?" 
	Kyokki sighed and pointed to the cringing man standing next to her. "He is 
right here Misaki." Then she prudently stepped out of the way as Misaki rushed 
up to Yosho and stood uncomfortably close.
	"But, this can't be Yosho! He's old." 
	"I am Yosho," the man told her, smiling. "Hello, Aunt Misaki."
	"Oh, Yosho. You've changed so much. What happened to the little boy who 
used to climb in the royal trees?" She reached out and clasped him closely as 
she continued on with her narrative.
	Ignored, Kyokki walked over to where Ayeka and Sasami were standing, 
watching their mother as she wept over Yosho's state of being. "She never 
changes." She said mournfully. The girls shook their heads, sighing. Kyokki 
caught a sudden movement out of the corner of her eye and turned to see Ryoko 
sticking her head out of the wall. She had been hiding in the adjoining room, 
from Misaki no doubt. 
	"Is she going to be staying long?" She whispered, trying to avoid drawing 
attention to herself. 
	"Probably for a few days, Ryoko. Certainly for the wedding tomorrow, at 
least." Ayeka replied. 
	Kyokki stood off to the side as the two girls talked quietly, observing 
the conversation closely. There seemed to be no hint of the former rancor that 
had always under lied their words to each other. She was satisfied that, 
although certainly the two would still have their spats, they would always be 
the closest of friends. 
	Misaki calmed somewhat a few minutes later and they all sat down to have 
some tea. They chatted about affairs on Jurai, and earth, until Misaki asked, 
	"So Kyokki, which one will get Tenchi?" 
	"What's this?" Ayeka asked in surprise. 
	Kyokki shook her head mournfully.
	"Didn't you know, Ayeka? Kyokki can see who will end up together. What do 
you call it Kyokki?"
	"The lines of destiny." She murmured into her teacup, avoiding the eyes of 
those gathered around the table. "And, I am not going to tell you. Like I told 
Funaho," She looked up and met the stares of the group, " I want it to be a 
surprise."
	Ayeka and Ryoko, who had come out of hiding once she felt that the danger 
was past, looked immensely unsatisfied with that answer. Kyokki could sense that 
she would be spending a lot of time in the future sidestepping the girls' 
questions. She sighed. 
	"Did you see the line with me?" Yosho asked curiously.
	"Yes, I did." She set her teacup down and reached for his hand. "But you 
must understand that it is the heart that chooses the destiny, not the line. It 
only reacts to what is already there." She reached up and kissed him lightly. 
"And it goes both ways."
	Just then Washu came up out of her lab and looked, somewhat warily, at the 
visitors from Jurai. Funaho laughed lightly, "Don't worry Washu, this is not a 
business trip." And indeed, Washu looked much relieved at this.
	Funaho turned to Kyokki, "So sister, who is performing the ceremony?"
	Kyokki retrieved her teacup, "My father."
	"Tentousama?" She asked incredulously.
	"Do I have another?" Kyokki teased. Washu looked a little pale but, at the 
same time hopeful, Kyokki smiled at her encouragingly. "It will take place just 
at sunrise."
	"Where is it going to be?" Mihoshi asked. She looked a little lonely since 
Noboyuki had left for work a while earlier. 
	"At Funaho." Kyokki informed her.
	"Of course," Funaho mused, "Jurian ceremonies always take place in the 
presence of a royal tree." She nodded at Kyokki's hand, "Especially those where 
there is a Tokoshie ring involved."
	Mihoshi looked confused, but there was nothing new about that.
	Sometime later, when they all sat on the broad deck of the house, watching 
the sun set over the mountains, bathing them all in golden light, Funaho 
approached Yosho and Kyokki, who sat somewhat apart, holding hands. "Kyokki," 
she said softly, "I have just thought of something." Kyokki looked at her 
curiously. "You know that my son's life depends on the tree Funaho and Ryoko's 
gems?" She asked.
	"Is that true, my love?" Kyokki asked the man. He nodded soberly. Kyokki 
sat back watching the sunset, but not really seeing it. She thought over this 
little problem. "I do not think we should be too concerned about it," She stated 
finally, "I am sure that father will know what to do." She caught Funaho and 
Yosho's shared glance, and smiled to reassure them. "Trust me," She sat up 
suddenly, "And I see that the last of our party has arrived," she pointed at the 
scarlet hued sky.
	"Father is here." Yosho said softly. The huge royal ship coasted across 
the empty air, till it came to a stop precisely above the lake where the 
floating onsen drifted. There was a shimmering at the end of the dock and when 
it cleared, the king of Jurai stood in his dark glory. He looked about as happy 
as a storm. 
	Azusa strode powerfully to the deck, where everyone had risen to greet 
him. With no attempt at prelude he demanded. "What is it I hear about you 
getting married, Yosho?"
	"It is true father." Yosho straightened, "I will be marrying tomorrow 
morning."
	"Ayeka, yes?" It was not exactly a question. Ayeka snorted as Azusa's 
violet eyes bored into the ones of his only son.
	Kyokki stepped forward, "No, Azusa dear, I am afraid that it is not."
	Azusa gasped, his haughty posture wavering. "Kyokki, what are you doing 
here?"
	"Getting married, Azusa." She told him loftily.
	He turned as though he were about to go back to his ship and quit this 
whole business once and for all. He was a bit startled when Funaho stepped in 
front of him, her dark eyes flashing angrily. "What is your problem, husband?"
	Azusa harrumphed, avoiding his wife's eyes, Misaki stood to one side 
biting her lip nervously. Kyokki stepped up, her own eyes afire. "Azusa, I have 
known you for most of your life, I introduced you to Funaho, I welcomed you to 
my home. Do you really dislike me so much?" she smiled tightly, "Or do you enjoy 
playing the grump so much that you have forgotten how to be any other way?"
	Azusa stared at the two women incredulously. Tenchi stood between Ryoko 
and Ayeka, who winced at every other word. Misaki clung to the suffering Sasami 
as though she were a lifeline. Mihoshi just looked a bit stunned. Kokuten and 
Ryo-Ohki, who had just joined the group recently, watched curiously, and Washu 
was trying not to smile as Azusa got his dressing down. They stood there for a 
while and you could cut the tension with a knife as all waited for the 
explosion. It did not come. Azusa muttered a few oaths under his breath, then 
his shoulders slumped and his eyes grew defeated. "Is this really what you want 
Yosho?" He looked at his son, who nodded proudly. "Then I will accede to your 
wish." He said softly.
 	Kyokki laughed with delight and hugged the monarch soundly, peppering his 
face with kisses. "Oh, Azusa, I have missed you. We always had the best fights." 
She grinned. Everyone looked astounded at her temerity; the king was a menacing 
presence. 
	"And you always won." He muttered under his breath.
	"But of course." She gave a mocking half bow. "I am a goddess after all." 
She tugged his beard. "Now let us go inside and have some tea. We all have to be 
up very early tomorrow."
	Stars still drifted across the sky when everyone woke the next morning. 
Kyokki had persuaded Azusa, who had wished to sleep on his ship, to stay at the 
house, and he shared the room that Ayeka and Sasami usually slept in with 
Misaki. Sasami and Ayeka transferred to the living room in order to wake Ryoko 
up in time. Funaho stayed up at the temple with Kyokki, while a disheartened 
Yosho was told to go to his own room. Funaho and Kyokki didn't really sleep 
much; they had to plan the wedding out in record time. On Jurai, things were 
more leisurely, what with their expanded life spans, and wedding plans could 
easily take decades. They finally decided that simplicity was its own beauty, 
only then were they able to catch a few hours of sleep. During that short time, 
Kyokki had a strange dream. In it was Tenchi, and a vast figure that she 
couldn't quite see. She could hear the figure speaking, in a cold, almost 
mechanical voice, but she couldn't make out the words. She sat up suddenly, wide 
awake and shivering. 
	By the time Funaho awoke, Kyokki had dismissed the dream, marking it as 
just a 'night before wedding' nightmare. 
	Yosho awoke around the same time as Kyokki, shaking. He did not know why, 
he thought that he might have been dreaming, but he couldn't remember what it 
was about. He rose and, walking to the window to look out at the silent stars, 
judged it to be about two hours before sunrise. Yawning, he turned and walked 
with leonine grace back into his room. He turned on the light and knelt before 
the chest from which he had removed the Tokoshie ring. He opened it and took out 
what he had laid in there so many years before. They were his ceremonial robes 
from Jurai, the same ones that he had been wearing when he first arrived on this 
planet. He held them up and looked at them critically. Amazingly, they still 
looked as good now as they had when his first wife had cleaned and repaired them 
for him. He stood and began to put them on, tying this knot here, placing that 
fold there, just as he had been taught when he was still young. He combed his 
hair out and took out the two hair ornaments that were in one of the pockets of 
the robe. He then arranged his hair and removed his glasses; they were just for 
show, anyways. He looked like an elderly Jurian now. He smiled, today he would 
show them his true self, and marry his beloved in his true form. But he wanted 
to surprise them, so he would keep his disguise until the right moment. He 
laughed in delight; he couldn't wait to see their reactions.

