

Who is this new person at the Masaki house? - Part 1

	I made up three characters in this story and one belongs to my 
friend. His character is Raikon. The rest belong to AIC and Pioneer. I'm 
saying this because I don't what a lawsuit or anything against me. Sorry 
if I use some characters more then others I'll try not to.

One day when Tenchi was walking up the steps to his house after school 
he noticed a girl sitting in a tree. Tenchi looked at her. "Excuse me 
miss, can I help you?" The girl jumped down from the tree and landed in 
front of Tenchi. "Actually you can. I'm looking for a place to stay. Do 
you have a house around here somewhere?" Tenchi couldn't help but look 
at her. She had brown hair that was hardly visible under the hat she was 
wearing backwards. She was wearing a tank top and a pair of really baggy 
jeans with a chain connecting pocket to pocket. She was also chewing on 
a toothpick. "What? Do I have something on me?" she asked. "Well no, but 
may I ask who you are?" Tenchi said looking at the limb, she jumped from 
50 ft. in the air. "Oh, how rude of me. My name is Meseka Sasaya and 
yours is?" she said. "Tenchi Masaki. Pleasure to meat you, Meseka." He 
stuck his hand out and they shook. "Well we might have a spot for you at 
my house if you'll follow me." He started to walk again. "Sure, couldn't 
hurt." She started to follow him.  

2 minutes later Tenchi walked into the door. "Hi everyone I'm home." 
Right after she said that Ryoko teleported down and hugged him. "Tenchi 
what took you so long? I was worried." Then she saw Meseka. "Meseka what 
are you doing here?" She snarled. . Then Sasami walked in. "Ryoko, who 
is Meseka?" Ryoko let go of Tenchi. " She is the only one who was ever 
able to beat me when it came to crime." Ryoko glared at Meseka. "Well 
I'm glad you remembered me Ryoko. But I just came here to take a 
vacation." She said looking at Ryoko. Just then Kiyone walked in the 
room and stopped. "Meseka." She looked surprised to see her. "What 
Kiyone I didn't hear you," said Mihoshi as she walked into the room. "I 
wasn't talking to you Mihoshi." Kiyone sounded inpatient. "You don't 
have to get angry Kiyone." Mihoshi hugged Kiyone's legs. "Mihoshi, get 
off." Kiyone started to kick her leg. "Looks like I'm popular here," 
Meseka said as she began to laugh. "Tenchi what's all the noise in." 
Ayeka's words were cut short. "Me.Me.Meseka." Ayeka looked shocked. 
"Ayeka darling long time no see." Meseka said sarcastically. "What's 
going on out there I need peace to work on my greatest invention!" Washu 
was waving her fist in the air. " Oh, I see Washu is here too. Well 
Tenchi you got quite a collection of people here." Meseka looked at the 
surprised look on Washu's face. "Meseka, is that really you?" Washu ran 
up to her. "Hello Washu. I see you're finally out of your prison huh?" 
Meseka looked down at Washu. "Yeah and let me tell you it was the 
longest 700 years ever." "Well I take it you know each other." Ryoko 
said looking at Meseka and then back to Washu. "You could say that." 
Meseka said smiling. "Well Meseka I will show you to your room." Tenchi 
said as he started to walk up the stairs. Meseka followed. " You can 
have this one," Tenchi pointed to a little room. " What, you expect me 
to live in that? Dream on. Stand back Tenchi." At that Tenchi stepped 
back. "Meseka what are you going to do?" Tenchi looked confused. "You'll 
see." Right after she said that the wall was gone. "Ahh, Meseka what did 
you do?" Tenchi ran over to where the wall had been and looked around 
for it. "If I were you I'd move." Meseka said looking at Tenchi like he 
was insane. Tenchi turned around and looked at her. "What did you.why 
did you.grrrrrr." "Relax Tenchi at least there ain't a hole there 
anymore." Meseka started to laugh. Tenchi turned around and sure enough 
there was a bedroom there. "One question." Tenchi held up one finger. 
"O.k. shoot." "Why did you really come to this planet?" Tenchi said as 
he looked at her room, " you really didn't tell me anything." "Well if 
you must know, soon a great evil will start to pelage your world. I've 
come here to help you defeat it. Cause without me this planet is doomed 
no offense to you. Even with me I fear the worst. I know this evil 
because it destroyed my planet. I must take revenge." Meseka had a stern 
look on her face. When she looked up everyone was there. "Meseka since 
I'm the greatest mind in the world I'll do anything to help." Washu 
looked at Meseka with a smile. Meseka grinned. "With all do respect 
Meseka I will help to," Ayeka put in. "So will we," Mihoshi & Kiyone 
said together. Sasami just stood there. "You guys, I don't think she 
wants you to help." "Yes, it's true I don't want any help even from an 
old friend like you Washu. Tenchi you either. Sorry to say but like a 
said you guys are as good as dead if you face him." Meseka go up and 
walked outside. All of a sudden there was a bright light in the sky. "Oh 
damn, he's here. I thought it wouldn't be Intel tomorrow." She said 
under her breath. " Guys, stay in the house and go to a place without 
windows!" She shouted as she ran to the side of the lake. "Well you 
heard the lady. Lets go to Washu's lab." Ryoko said. They all hurried to 
Washu's lab. "Tenchi come on." She stared at him. "Sorry Ryoko I need to 
help." Tenchi started to run to the door. "But Tenchi." Ryoko was 
interrupted. "Don't worry about me I'll be fine." He continued to run to 
the door.  

Meanwhile at the lake. "Well, well, well, Meseka long time no see. So 
have you gotten over your planet yet?" The man said. "Yea I have 
Nakotio, but that doesn't mean I still can't kick your ass." Meseka 
said. "Such big words for such a small girl. hahahah. Well anyway if 
you're so confident, then let us begin." Nakotio then disappeared and 
then reappeared behind Meseka. Before she could turn around he punched 
her in the arc of her back and sent her flying into the lake. He 
followed. At that point Tenchi came. "Huh? Where are they?" He looked 
around. When he looked at the lake he seen a little gold ball fly though 
the water. Meseka and Nakotio came out of the water. "Meseka I've seen 
you've gotten better." "So have you," Meseka said sarcastically. "Well 
then see if you can handle this." Nakotio formed a heat-seeking laser 
and shot it at Meseka..the only problem was that Tenchi was closer. As 
Meseka looked around to make sure there was nothing else it could hit, 
she saw Tenchi. "Tenchi! Get out of the way!" She was so far away he 
couldn't hear her. Just then Nakotio released the laser. It was heading 
straight for Tenchi. "Why didn't he listen to me?" She teleported behind 
Tenchi and pushed him out of the way. Unfortunately now she was in its 
way. "AHHHHHH!" Meseka fell to the ground. "Oh good. A direct hit in the 
stomach." He started to laugh. " You won't be as lucky with me." Ryoko 
said coming from behind. She stabbed him in the arm. "Get out of my 
way." He flung Ryoko into a tree. "Now to finish you off Ryoko." "Don't 
you dare!" Meseka healed herself and got to her feet. She got her sword 
out and it started to turn gold. "What the..? I've never seen this 
before. Can it be that you are the one that can blow up a planet with 
one hand? This shall be interesting." Then from behind him were Kiyone & 
Mihoshi. "Stop right there or we will be forced to shoot." Kiyone had 
her gun aimed while Mihoshi tried to find her balance. "Don't waste your 
time, Kiyone. He can absorb gun energy and that makes him more 
powerful." Kiyone looked at Meseka. Nakotio fired an energy ball and it 
knocked Kiyone into the lake. Meseka went down to get her. Right after 
she did, "Agh!" Tenchi stabbed Nakotio with his sword in his back. 
"Argh..grrrrr..." Nakotio pushed Tenchi to the ground. "Don't you dare 
hurt Tenchi," Ryoko said, stabbing him again. "Will you stop, you pest?" 
He punched her in the stomach. "Damn you," Ryoko gasped, falling to the 
ground. "Nakotio leave them out of this, now. And you guys don't jump 
in." Meseka seemed peeved. "Bring it on," Nakotio powered up. Meseka did 
also. Then a face tattoo. "You will pay for destroying my planet." 
Nakotio teleported behind her and stabbed her in the back. "AHHHHHHH!" 
Meseka fell to the ground, but her sword was still glowing. Nakotio 
jumped at her with the sword. He never made it. Somehow, Meseka lifted 
her arms up with the sword in them and when Nakotio was 6 ft. away let 
the energy go. "AAHHHHHHHH! Meseka how could you?" He fell to the 
ground. "I've won this round." Her voice faded out and she fell to the 
ground.  

2 days later... "Meseka wake up, please wake up." Said Sasami sitting on 
the couch where Meseka was. "Oh my head, what happened?" Meseka sat up 
holding her head. "Yay, your alright." Sasami said cheerfully. "Well 
when you were fighting you had a power that was so great within you, 
that after you were done using it, it caused you to fall unconscious," 
Washu said, working on her computer. "Oh, is that all?" Meseka said. 
Just then Ayeka walked in. "Meseka you're awake..it's been two whole 
days." "Wow, that's a long time. That's a record for me. Heh 
heh..oohhh.." She started to laugh which caused her headache to get 
worst. Tenchi walked in. "Oh, you're awake. Well are you going now?" 
Tenchi said looking at Meseka. "Me? No, I like it here. Looks like you 
have one more lady staying with you." Meseka walked to the window. 
"Great," Tenchi said flatly. 
They all started laughing.  

To be continued.

