I Am Woman, Hear Me Roar!

A Tenchi Muyo fan-fic written by Scott Satterfield
and edited by Warren Roselius

//** Insert disclamer here **\\


Hi again. :) If you're back for more I hope that means you liked "Something Old,
Something New".  Either that or you're looking for more ammo so you can flame
me. ;) This is the next in the series of fan-fic's I'm writing.  I really enjoy the
sloppy script format I'm using so I plan to stick to it.  My attempts at writing
novels have been poor.  I get bogged down in word choice. :/  I've decided not to
format my text into blocks as I did before.  It looks great with my word
processor but doesn't convert well. :/ Anyway, here it is, as obtuse as it might
be. ;)



The episode opens on a roughly spherical black object laying on a blue pillow
on top of a small pedestal.  The thing looks like some sort of egg perhaps.  Cut
back to Geoyoshi holding a hand held device over the "egg".  He studies the
device as it makes strange beeping noises.  Geo looks up and we cut to the
entire household standing around the egg in Washu's lab.  (Observant viewers
will notice Ayeka glaring out of the corner of her eye at Ryoko.  Ryoko seems to
be in good spirits.)

Geo:		It's almost time.  I want to warn you this might not be very
pleasant.  Are you all certain that you want to witness this?

Ryoko rolls her eyes and crosses her arms.  Tenchi scratches the back of his
head.  Everyone else just sort of shuffles about uncomfortably.

Mihoshi:	Is it going to be gross?  Like with slime and ooze?  Ewww!

Geo:		<laugh> Oh no.  Temujin will simply reform itself.  The
unpleasant part will be when it begins to scan our minds to create
its personality and to some extent its childhood.  Your lives will
flash before your eyes so to speak.  The good times and the bad. 
Temujin will take part of each of us and form itself into a new
person.  In a sense, we will be Temujin's parents.

Mihoshi:	All of us?

Geo nods and smiles proudly at the "egg".  Washu gives Geo a side long look as
if to say "Wow, not bad!"  Mihoshi giggles and claps her hands.

Mihoshi:	Wow!  I'm going to be mom!
Washu groans and slaps her hand on her forehead.

Washu:	You don't get it do you?

Mihoshi gives Washu a blank look.

Geo:		Okay, it's almost time.  If you don't want to take part in this
leave now.

Everyone glances around at one another a bit worried but no one leaves.

Geo:		Alright.  Everyone move back to the circle on the floor.  It's
important that
		we be equidistant to Temujin.

Everyone backs up and stands on a red circle that surrounds Temujin.  The
moment is pregnant with tension as the household stand waiting for something
to happen.  Cut to the "egg".  We draw closer very slowly.  Suddenly a ripple,
like in water, runs the length of the egg.  We hear a few people gasp in surprise. 
A moment later another larger ripple runs the length of the egg.  Ripples run
faster and faster across the egg until a low humming noise begins.  Little arcs
of electricity dance across the eggs surface, the largest arcs pointing toward the
people.  The egg's vibration begins to work it slowly off the large pedestal in
Mihoshi's general direction.

Mihoshi:	On no!  The egg is going to fall and break!

Cut to close up of Mihoshi's feet as she takes a few steps into the circle.  Cut to
Washu and Geo's horrified faces as they take an unconscious step into the
circle as if to stop Mihoshi.  Temujin's form suddenly flattens into a disk.  Bolts
of what looks like lightning fly from the disk and strikes each of the household
in the forehead.  Cut to a camera angle looking down.  The spokes of the
lightning wheel dance as everyone stands frozen.  Looks of hate, joy, fear and
sorrow run across their faces.  Mihoshi is closest and the bolt to her is perhaps
twice as large as everyone else's.   Washu and Geo's bolts are larger than
Tenchi's and the rest, but not as large as Mihoshi's.

Suddenly the lightning stops and Temujin snaps back into a rough sphere
shape.  Everyone staggers.  Mihoshi actually falls down holding her head.  Geo
stagers past Temujin and goes to Mihoshi's side.  Rolling her over he pry's her
hands from her head.  Mihoshi's face is slack, she looks like she's in shock.

Tenchi:		Is she going to be okay!

Geo:		She's fine.  She's just lost in her own memories.  Like a
dream.  She'll snap out of it in a few minutes.

Geo frowns down at Mihoshi then looks over at Temujin.  Geo looks worried. 
Washu voices his concerns.
Washu:	So does this mean that Mihoshi's personality is going to
be...um..dominate?

Geo sighs and stands.

Geo:		It would seem that way.  I...

He blushes.

Geo:		Mihoshi's a sweet woman and a hard worker but...

Washu:	She's not the sharpest pencil in the box?

Ryoko snickers as Geo blushes more.

Geo:		That shouldn't matter really.  Then again I've never done this
before, it's
		all theory.

Ayeka:		Theory?  You mean you didn't know it was going to
work!

Geo shrugs and looks toward Temujin, a small frown of concern on his face. 
Ayeka walks off in a huff.

Ayeka:		Mmmph!  Come on Sasami!

Ayeka grabs Sasami's hand and drags her toward the exit roughly.

Sasami:	Hey!  Ouch, that hurts.  What's wrong with you Ayeka!

Ayeka drags Sasami onto a small platform and the two of them are gone in a
flash of blue light.

Cut to Tenchi and Ryoko.  Ryoko has her elbow leaning casually on Tenchi's
shoulder.  Tenchi doesn't seem to mind much.

Tenchi:		What the heck was that about?

Ryoko:	You got me.

Ryoko grins like the Cheshire Cat as Tenchi looks away toward the exit and
instantly goes back to a normal expression when Tenchi glances back toward
her.

Cut to a larger scene of everyone.  Washu and Geo are standing next to
Temujin talking as Tenchi and Ryoko have their own conversation.  Mihoshi
just lays there staring at the ceiling.
Fade out.

New scene, much like before only with different clothing and what have you. 
The entire household, including little-girl Ryo-Ohki, stand around the egg
which is now on the floor of the lab.

Geo:		Well....this is it.  Today is the day Temujin finishes its unique
active personality
		matrix.  For better or worse Temujin has become a unique person
with its own
		quirks and idiosyncrasy...  I only hope we will get along.

Geo frowns at the egg.

Mihoshi:	But Temujin will have to love you, your like his, I mean
her...Umm...its father!

Geo looks a little annoyed and then his face softens and he chuckles softly.

Geo:		You're right of course Mihoshi.  I'm sure I'm worrying about
nothing.

Geo and the others look down at the egg.  Nothing happens.

Ryoko:	So...when are we going to meet the new Temujin?

Geo:		Well, any moment now I suppose.  I'm not sure what the
hold up is actually.

As the room grows quiet we begin to zoom in on Temujin on the floor.  Almost
as if Temujin was waiting for the proper moment the egg suddenly begins to
stretch and elongate.  Black metal flows up into a spike shape and then slowly
fills out into a cylinder.  The crew look on in awe as the Temujin slowly takes
form.  It isn't long before a roughly humanoid shape, Temujin as it appeared
before, forms.  You can see a look of disappointment and confusion on Geo's
face when Temujin's form suddenly and dramatically shifts from a sexless form. 
The face seems to roll from the inside out into a heart-shaped delicate face. 
Black hair rolls out to frame the beautiful face as we pan back a modest bosom
and a shapely body.  Temujin stands like a black marble statue of Athena, well
formed and muscular but incredibly beautiful.  The naked Temujin stands
unmoving.  Ayeka and Ryoko look shocked and angry.  The others look on with
awe.  As suddenly as the female form of Temujin appeared color springs into
her hair.  Hair the color of snow spills down her back and we can see more
high lights and tones in her obsidian skin.  Cut to a close up of her face as two
beautiful green eyes pop open.  A smirk spreads across her face as she throws
her hip to the left and tosses her arms up as if to say "Tada!"

Temujin:	Congratulations!  It's a girl.

Pan back to everyone staring at this naked goddess in shock.  Temujin spins
around, her snow hair flying as she squeals and runs toward Geo.

Geo:		Daddy!

Geo lets out a surprised scream as the very naked Temujin hugs his chest. 
Washu's eyes are the size of dishes.  Temujin releases Geo (who then falls
backwards onto his hinder) and grabs Washu around the neck.

Temujin:	Mom!

Washu lets out a shocked cry of her own as Temujin squeezes her tight and
plants a big sloppy kiss on her cheek.  Temujin whirls around again sending
Washu into a surprised heap on the floor next to Geoyoshi.

Putting her hands on her knees and grinning Temujin faces Mihoshi.

Temujin:	Big sister!

Mihoshi's eyes fill with tears as she runs to meet Temujin in the middle of the
floor.  The two hug and cry together.

Cut to Ryoko, Tenchi and Ayeka looking on in surprise.

Tenchi:		Wow...she's really....uh....

Ryoko:	Shameless?

Ayeka:		<smirk> She must have got that from you, Devil
Woman.

Ryoko's cat eyes narrow as she glares over at Ayeka.

Ryoko:	Watch who you're calling Devil Woman princess...

Tenchi's eyes dart left and right in fear.

Tenchi and the others look up to see Mihoshi and Temujin giggling and
laughing.  They seem to be talking about Tenchi.  Tenchi's face turns the color
of Temujin's hair as the two women giggle and give him side long glances. 
Ryoko and Ayeka looked pissed.

Tenchi:		Oh no!  Not again!

Screaming he runs toward the exit.  Ryoko and Ayeka reach out as if to stop
him.

Ryoko/Ayeka:	Wait Tenchi don't!

They shout but Tenchi leaps onto the panel and is gone.
Geo and Washu walk up to the naked Temujin.
Geo:		Um...Temujin?  Could you....could you put some cloths on?

Temujin just looks at him blankly for a few seconds and then shouts.

Temujin:	Oh my gosh!  You're right!  What will I wear!

Geo begins talking but he's rudely cut off by Temujin and Mihoshi.

Geo:		Well it really doesn't...

Mihoshi:	I have some fashion magazines!

Temujin:	You do! <squeal>

Mihoshi and still naked Temujin run across the lab and leap onto the panel
and disappear.  Grumbling to themselves Ayeka and Ryoko walk toward the
panel with Sasami and little-girl Ryo-Ohki tagging along behind.
Geo stands staring in shock at where Temujin once stood.  Washu is slightly
behind him looking at him with a mixture of concern and expectation.  Geo
turns slowly and looks at Washu in shock.  Comicly he hugs her and cries on
her shoulder.  She pats his back.

Washu:	There there...they never turn out like you want them to.

Washu just shakes her head as she watches the legendary space pirate Ryoko
hop onto the teleportation panel.
