Tenchi Muyo: The Worth of Souls
Chapter I: No Need for Houseguests

        Lord Carshena of House Kumo of the Jurai Empire
looked out at the multitude of stars from the balcony
of his palace.
        So many planets. So many lives. And all could be his
if his plan succeeded.
        Footsteps in the balcony foyer brought Carshena out
of his reverie. He turned and saw two people
approaching. One was his personal assistant, Sakura, a
very beautiful young woman with an elfin face and
waist-length blonde hair. Following behind her was a
tall thin figure in a long black cloak.
        "My lord." Sakura said with a bow. "The pirate,
Traigen."
        The other man did not bow or show any signs of
movement.
        Carshena nodded. "Thank you, Sakura. You may go."
        Sakura withdrew leaving the two men alone. Carshena
returned to the balcony's edge and looked out at the
stars again. Traigen joined him at the balcony waiting
for the other to speak with an almost mechanical
patience.
        After a long moment Carshena said, "What do you see
out in the stars, pirate?"
        "Power and treasure." Traigen answered.
        Carshena looked at the pirate. "What if I shared with
you the secret to gaining all of that and more?"
        Traigen turned and considered the Juraian lord. "The
Jigoku Pirates are at your disposal, for a price."
        "Then I believe that we can have a very profitable
relationship." Carshena walked away from the balcony
and back into the palace. Traigen followed behind
silently.
        Carshena led the pirate through the palace until they
came to a dark room. A large stone covered with
strange hieroglyphs dominated one wall of the room. A
computer whirred on a raised platform in front of the
stone. Carshena went to the computer and typed a
command. Traigen came up beside Carshena and watched
as blue light came up out of the floor and covered the
stone.
        "My archaeologists uncovered this stone on a remote
planet." Carshena said. "It was once part of an
ancient temple to the goddess Tsunami." The blue light
covering the stone resolved into a hologram. The
hieroglyphs were replaced with words in the Juraian
language. "The translation took a good couple of years
but the gist of it is this." Carshena began reading
the words off of the stone. "Many generations ago the
demon Tatakai was born. It was a soul killer, feeding
off the life essences of its victims. As Tatakai ate,
it grew in power. It ravaged the universe for food and
became so powerful that no empire or war fleet could
destroy it. The people of the galaxy suffered greatly
and they prayed to the gods for deliverance from the
demon's wrath. The goddesses Tokimi and Tsunami
intervened to save their children. The goddesses lured
the demon to a double star on the edge of the
universe. There they trapped Tatakai in one of the
stars and caused the star to die. The star's brother
poured fire into its twin and the demon's body was
consumed. Tsunami sealed the demon's power into three
gems and cast them into the far reaches of space.
Tokimi locked the demon's spirit into a tomb and
placed a magical spell on the tomb so that no one
could unleash the demon's spirit unknowingly. Thus
ends the legend of the feared demon, Tatakai."
        Traigen blinked amazed at the story he had just
heard.
        Carshena deactivated the hologram and turned to face
the pirate. "What do you think?" he asked.
        Traigen looked at Carshena skeptically. "You honestly
believe that fairy tale?"
        "It is more than a fairy tale, my friend." Carshena
replied. "You will find that each legend contains a
grain of truth." He pulled out a disk from the
computer and handed it to Traigen. "But none of that
is your concern, pirate. Follow my instructions and
you will have your fill of power and treasure."

        Tenchi shivered in the early morning chill of spring.
He, Ayeka, and Ryoko were waiting on the platform of
the Kurashiki Train Station and it was cold. Months
before his infamous encounter with Ryoko in the Demon
Cave near his grandfather's shrine, Tenchi had agreed
to host a transfer student in his home. When the call
came to tell him that the student would arrive in a
week, Tenchi had agreed to it without really thinking.
Now, Tenchi felt a slight dread, not of the transfer
student, but of what the six alien girls that shared
his house might do.
        When Tenchi had told them that they would have a
houseguest for a couple of months, he had received
mixed reactions. "What if it's another girl?" Ryoko
had said jealously. Ayeka, on the other hand, had said
that she and Sasami would be on their best behavior.
Washu had seemed excited because, according to her,
she would have the chance to study a "terran" up
close. Tenchi hadn't liked the wicked gleam in Washu's
eyes as she went back to her lab sniggering. Kiyone
and Mihoshi had promised to keep their starship,
Yagami, out of view. Tenchi hoped that that would be
enough considering Mihoshi's penchant for disasters.
In the end, Tenchi had convinced them to act like his
sisters, a role which neither Ayeka nor Ryoko liked
but had promised to play anyway.
        The 7:15 train from Okayama had just arrived and the
departing passengers were bustling around the station
platform looking for their luggage. Tenchi had no idea
what the student would look like so he carried a sign
that had the student's name on it: Hikaru Kobayashi.
        After a couple minutes waiting, a young man in a long
coat and carrying a duffel bag over his shoulder
walked up to them. He had a kindly face with dark
green eyes and looked to be in his late teens. His
black hair was tied in a loose ponytail that hung past
his shoulders. "Hello," the young man said bowing to
Tenchi and the two girls. "I'm Hikaru Kobayashi."
        "Hi." Tenchi replied scratching the back of his head.
"I'm Tenchi Masaki. These are my sisters Ayeka and
Ryoko." Ayeka bowed in greeting and Ryoko nodded
impatiently at him. Ryoko was busy rubbing her hands
on her bare arms to keep them warm, her t-shirt didn't
keep the chill out very well.
        Hikaru smiled and bowed to the two girls.
        "Do you have anymore luggage?" Tenchi asked pointing
at Hikaru's duffel.
        "No, I like to travel light." Hikaru replied.
        "Well let's get out of here before it starts to get
really busy." Tenchi said leading the way out of the
already crowded train station platforms.
        They passed through the doors into the station proper
and Ryoko gave a sigh of relief. "Finally, we're
getting out of that damn cold." Ryoko growled through
clenched teeth. She had teleported them all to the
train station but hadn't dressed for the cold weather.
        "Well it's your own fault, Ryoko." Ayeka said
matter-of-factly. "If you had sense enough to bring a
coat, like me, you wouldn't be cold right now.
        "Don't start with me, princess." Ryoko muttered
darkly.
        Tenchi looked back and was about to say something to
calm the brewing tension, but Hikaru interrupted. "Let
me guess," he said, low enough so that only Tenchi
could hear. "Ryoko's the punk loner girl of the family
and Ayeka is the perfect example for her siblings."
        "True enough." Tenchi replied just as quietly.
        "So why did you decide to come to Kurashiki?" Tenchi
asked as they walked out onto the city streets. Ayeka
and Ryoko decided to postpone their argument and
hurried to walk with Tenchi and Hikaru.
        "Ever since my uncle and cousins came back from a
vacation here I've wanted to come." Hikaru said.
"Besides, out here in the country you have peace and
quiet, that's something you don't get in Kyoto."
        "So you're from Kyoto?" Ayeka asked interestedly.
        "Yep." Hikaru said. " Though I've never liked being
in the big cities. Too many space aliens attack them,"
he said winking. Everyone laughed at this.

        The walk back to the Masaki house started out
peaceful enough, at least Ayeka and Ryoko weren't at
each other's throats. The cherry trees were in bloom
and the pink flowers were very pretty. The sky was a
cloudless blue and the air was starting to warm up as
the sun rose higher, though not enough to keep Ryoko
from complaining under her breath. As Tenchi, Ayeka,
Ryoko, and Hikaru walked up the trail to the house
Hikaru talked about his life in the city of Kyoto. He
told them all about the Imperial Palace, the museums
of art he had visited, and even the Kyoto Tower.
        "I live with my uncle's family and we have a huge
house just outside the city." Hikaru said.
        "Where do your parents live?" Ayeka asked.
        Hikaru looked down at the ground and answered softly,
"They died." he said. "A long time ago."
        "I'm sorry." Ayeka said awkwardly. Her face paled
with embarrassment.
        Hikaru smiled weakly at her. "It's all right, you
didn't know."
        "How did they die?" Ryoko asked trying to break the
silence that had fallen.
        Hikaru looked at her. "In an accident." he said
shortly.
        Ryoko felt Hikaru's eyes bore into her revealing both
pain and sadness. Ryoko was surprised at the effect
Hikaru's eyes had on her. She couldn't explain why,
but she thought she recognized those eyes from
somewhere else. Ryoko dismissed the feeling almost
instantly.
        Tenchi looked over at Hikaru. He understood how
Hikaru felt. He had lost both his mother and
grandmother when he was very young and, truth be told,
had not completely gotten over their deaths.

        Further down the trail, Hikaru heard a low whooshing
sound coming from the surrounding forest. He stopped
and listened closely. The sound came again, closer
than before, and the bushes at the side of the trail
rustled softly.
        "Did any of you hear that sound?" Hikaru asked.
Tenchi and the girls stopped and looked back at him.
        "Uh, n...no." Tenchi stammered but he knew what it
had to be. He looked over at Ryoko. She had a grin on
her face and seemed to be concentrating very hard on
something. "Ryoko." Tenchi said warningly.
        But it was too late. A brown blur leapt from the
bushes and Ryo-ohki landed on the ground in front of
them hissing and spitting as hard as she could. Hikaru
stopped dead in his tracks and kept his eyes on the
unusual creature as though he were staring down a
bear. The little cabbit stopped her display and leapt
into Ryoko's arms mewling contentedly. Tenchi and
Ayeka looked at Hikaru who stared curiously at the
little animal and then at Ryoko who seemed totally
indifferent. Ryoko looked back at them and saw the
reproach in their eyes, but just smiled and nuzzled
Ryo-ohki in her arms.
        Hikaru came up to Ryoko. "I've never seen an animal
like that. What is it?"
        "Family pet." Ryoko said. She handed Ryo-ohki to
Hikaru. "Her name is Ryo-ohki."
        The cabbit jumped onto the young man's shoulder.
"Ryo-ohki." Hikaru repeated scratching the cabbit
under the chin. "A cute name for a cute animal."
Ryo-ohki meowed  and jumped to the trail, running into
the bushes again.
        Tenchi sighed softly in frustration. I hope things go
more smoothly when we get back home, he thought.

        Tenchi opened the door to the spare bedroom and led
Hikaru inside. "Well, this is your room." Tenchi said.
"Hope you like it."
        "This is perfect." Hikaru said dropping his duffel
near the closet, "thanks."
        "Lunch will be in a couple of hours." Tenchi said.
"If you need anything just give me a holler."
        "I will. Thanks again." Hikaru said.
        When Tenchi left Hikaru closed the door and began to
unpack. He put his clothes in the chest of drawers
near the closet. Then he pulled out a tightly wrapped
package. Hikaru unwrapped the package and uncovered
the hilt of a sword. It had no blade attached and
looked as though it was covered in green scales.
Hikaru put the hilt underneath his clothes in the
drawer. I hope I won't need you too soon. Hikaru
thought. He then pulled out a small disk shaped device
and pushed a button on its side. Instantly a
wire-frame holographic display of the entire valley
came into view. Hikaru pushed some more buttons on the
holopad and read the new display: nine sentient life
forms, two automatons, and one biological unknown.
Good, everything seemed normal. Hikaru extinguished
the holomap and lay down on the bed. This could be my
easiest mission yet.