Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of Pioneer although any original characters are property of 
the Author. This fic was made for fun and in no way I am making money out of it.

What Tomorrow Might Bring
Part 2

John: Who are you?

Kiyone: Uh...I am a new here and wanted to introduce myself.

John gives Kiyone a look that to her seemed like he was scrutinizing her. 

John: What's your name?

Kiyone: Kiyone Makibi.

John: Well, Miss Makibi if you do not mind, I have more important things to attend to right now. If you 
want, you can come along, since I am in my way to interrogate a prisoner that we captured.

Kiyone agreed, since this would allow her to get to Mihoshi without any trouble, and with any luck, she 
would be able to get her out as well. She followed John as they went to the cell Mihoshi was in, and when 
they got there, her heart sank when she saw her.  Mihoshi looked pale, weak and half-unconscious, but that 
was not the only thing that caught Kiyone's attention. It was the fact that Mihoshi was restrained to an X-
shaped, upright table. 

John: How long have you been interrogating her?

Man (in the cell with Mihoshi): About half an hour, sir, but she still keeps whining and saying the same 
things, even with the torture.

John: Well, we'll try it one more time, and then we'll give it a rest for now. 

John gets closer to Mihoshi and lifts her head up with his hand so that she can hear him.

John: What is your mission here?

Mihoshi (weakly): I..don't have.a mission.and I just want to go home.

John lets go of her head just as Mihoshi starts to cry, and signals to the other man to push a button. Once 
the button is pressed, Mihoshi convulses in pain as an electrical charge goes through her body.

John: Once again, what is your mission here?

Mihoshi did not answer, since she had fallen unconscious when the pain had subsided.

Man: Would you like me to wake her up and try it again?

John: No, I think that was enough for now. We will try it again later.

John turned to Kiyone, who during this was holding back the urge to help Mihoshi, knowing that if she did 
so, it would just lead to her being captured and getting the same treatment.

John: You, stay here and get the prisoner transported to her cell.

Kiyone could not have asked for a more perfect opportunity, since it would let her get away with Mihoshi.

Kiyone: Yes, sir.

She did not like giving John that response, but she had to play her part. Once John and the other man had 
left, she promptly released the clamps that held Mihoshi in place and helped her down.

Kiyone: Mihoshi, Mihoshi, wake up! It's me, Kiyone.

Mihoshi (weakly): ..Kiyone? It is it really you?

Kiyone: Yes. Come on, we got to get out of here!

Kiyone helps Mihoshi up, who leans on her for support. Taking out the communication device Washu gave 
her, she speaks into it.

Kiyone: I found and got Mihoshi!

Washu (responding): Good. Now it is our turn. Ryoko, do your stuff.

Ryoko, getting her cue, goes and gets out of her subspace pocket. She soon phases into the station, which 
causes alarms to go off, due to her powers being detected. Not soon afterwards, a group of men with blaster 
rifles come into the area and start to open fire at Ryoko.

Ryoko: I hate it when Washu is right! Oh well, this should be fun- it has been a long time since I have been 
in a real fight.

She easily avoided the blasts by moving and teleporting all over the place, knocking the soldiers 
unconscious when she got close to them. She continued to do this until no one else was left.

Ryoko: I was expecting a better fight- that was too easy!

Voice: Maybe I will be more of a challenge for you then.

Turning around, she comes face to face with a man dressed in a getup that reminded Ryoko of a trench 
coat.

Ryoko: Who are you?

Man: Only my friends are privileged to know my real name. Enough talk, or do you prefer to do that all 
day?

Ryoko: Do not blame me when you get hurt- after all you asked for it!

Ryoko throws energy blasts at the man, who simply raises his hand, deflecting the blasts as if they were hit 
by an invisible wall.

Ryoko: What the hell?!

Man: That is just one of the things I can do. Here is one more.

Ryoko felt him invading her mind, just as she had many times when Washu tried it. But unlike Washu's, 
this man's was so intense that it made her head hurt just trying to keep him out. Eventually, she started to 
weaken, due to the stress and fatigue she was experiencing, and fell into unconsciousness.

Meanwhile, Kiyone had made it with Mihoshi into the Yagami's dock, thanks to the diversion provided by 
Ryoko, which had kept the personnel occupied. Approaching the door to the Yagami, Kiyone entered the 
security code, causing it to open, and she and Mihoshi immediately entered. Inside, they were met by their 
friends, who, upon seeing Mihoshi, were glad to see her, but at the same time saddened by how she looked.

Washu: Let me examine her.

Kiyone, nodding, brought Mihoshi to the co-pilot seat where she sat while Washu gave her an examination. 
After a minute or two, Washu completed it. 

Washu: She is OK. All she needs right now is rest.

Sasami: But what about the injury caused by the shot?

Washu: It seems to have been healed already, so there is nothing to worry about.  

Sasami: That is good to hear.

Tenchi: OK, then all we need to do is to get Ryoko back and get out of here.

Washu: I am trying to, but I can't get in touch with her through our mental link. Something must have 
happened to her.

Ayeka: Figures- that monster woman is always causing us trouble.

Kiyone: Looks like we have to go get her, then.

Aeka: Sasami, you stay here with Mihoshi, where it is safe.

Sasami: But I want to help!

Aeka: Please listen, Sasami! Besides, someone has to stay and take care of Mihoshi.

Sasami (sighing): Okay.

Kiyone (thinking of something Sasami could do so that she felt that she was helping): We'll lock the 
door,but you can see what is happening outside of the Yagami through the monitor that I left. Your job is 
open the door when we come back, but keep an eye on things until then.

Sasami: Thanks, Kiyone.

Kiyone: Don't mention it.

Tenchi: Let's get going, then- the faster we get Ryoko, the faster we can get out of here and back home.

Tenchi and Aeka switched to their Jurain battle suits when they exited the Yagami, while Kiyone activated 
her GP suit.

Kiyone: So now to..?

Washu: Although I can't get in touch with Ryoko, I am able to tell where she is.

Tenchi: Lead the way then, little Washu.

Washu: This way.

Washu leads the party as they exit the hangar area.

Aeka: She must be worried for Ryoko. She did not correct you on calling her little Washu, Lord Tenchi.

Tenchi: Yeah, I noticed. Let's go.

At Ryoko's present location

Ryoko groggily awakened after falling into the darkness. Seeing that she was back home and on her usual 
sleeping spot on top of the beam, she concluded that the previous events must have been a dream.

Ryoko: What a weird dream that was...

Stretching, she decided to go and do what she always did in the mornings, and go to Tenchi's room.  When 
she got there, her heart felt as it had split in two, due to the sight she saw. Aeka and Tenchi were kissing. In 
seeing this, she knew that he had finally chosen- and it was not her. 

Ryoko: Tenchi.?

Tenchi: Huh? RYOKO, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!

Ryoko: But Tenchi..Why did you pick her?

Tenchi: First of all, how many times must I tell you not to come into my room without my permission! And 
as for your question, I got sick of it! Sick of the constant fights that you instigated, which showed me that 
you are not a person who I could end up with- unlike Aeka, who is a refined, kind, and respectful person. 

Ryoko: But I was just playing with he I never meant any harm..

Tenchi: It did not look like it to me. I always worried that you might get someone killed during the fights. 
Aeka is right, you are a monster, because you think it is fun to pick fights!

Ryoko: Tenchi, please, I.

Tenchi: Please nothing! I want you out of my life! You have caused me nothing but trouble since I released 
you from the cave!

Having being renounced by the only thing she held dear, Ryoko's world fell apart- and so did she..

Meanwhile

Washu's worry for Ryoko was great, because although she could not see or hear what Ryoko was seeing, 
she was able to feel her emotions, and they were disturbing. 

Kiyone: Something's not right.. We have not encountered anyone yet. 

Tenchi: We have to be careful, then- it might be a trap.

Aeka: Miss Washu, are we close to Ryoko's location?

Getting no response, Aeka asked her question again, but this time a little louder so that Washu heard her.

Washu: Oh I am sorry, Lady Aeka. And to answer your question, she should be beyond this corridor and 
through that door just ahead.

Getting to the door, they carefully stepped into the next room, and found Ryoko just standing there with a 
blank look on her eyes.

Tenchi: Ryoko?

Voice: I am afraid she will not respond to you- that is, unless I tell her to.

Washu (turning towards the voice): What have you done to her, you bastard!?

John (stepping out from where he had been observing the group): I just took control over her. I see that 
Kiyone already took Mihoshi to your ship, and I presume Princess Sasami is taking care of her, due to her 
absence.

Aeka: How do you know about us?

John: Let's just say that an old acquaintance told me all about you.

Aeka: Who?!

John: Is it really that important for you to know who right now?

Tenchi: Of course not. Now let Ryoko go!

John: Of course. But only after you give me the master key.

Tenchi: I do not think so.

John (sighing): If you do not hand it over, Ryoko dies.

Tenchi (after a moment of silence): How do I know you won't kill her after I hand it over?

John: You have my word. Besides, you also have no choice.

Aeka: Lord Tenchi, don't do it!

Tenchi: I have to. I can't just forsake Ryoko.

Tenchi reluctantly throws the tenchiken towards John, who catches it and holds it firmly in his hand. John 
responds to the group's surprised look as he holds the sword even with a pained look on his face.

John: This is nothing compared to all the pain I have endured..

>From behind John, the man that Ryoko had fought earlier appeared beside him with a metal carrying case, 
which he opened as John put the sword in it.

John: Now for my end of the deal. You can release her.

The man complied, and soon afterwards, Ryoko fell to the floor. Tenchi came to her and held her in his 
arms, but his attention was still on John, who was now leaving along with the man with the carrying case.

John: I believe it is time for you to leave. I have shut down the energy detectors and diverted security 
patrols away from this area, but they should be coming back on any time now.

Tenchi: We better go.

Aeka: But what about the sword?

Tenchi: We can get it back later. But for now, let's go back to the Yagami while we still can.

Everyone complied as they hurriedly headed back the way they came from and reached the Yagami. They 
were quickly let in by Sasami, who had seen them coming. Quickly, Kiyone got the ship moving and left 
the port, just as alarms sounded and they were fired upon. As soon as they got away from the station's 
firing range, Kiyone checked to see if they were being followed, but saw that they weren't.

Kiyone: We do not seem to have any followers, but just in case, I'll put the Yagami in a nearby nebula to 
confuse any sensors, while we think of what to do now.

Tenchi: Good idea. How is Ryoko, Miss Washu?

Washu: There is nothing wrong with her physically, but her mind is another matter.  

Tenchi: Huh? What do you mean?

Washu: What I mean is that the damage to her is in her mind. And I am afraid that she.

Tenchi: ..She'll what?

Washu: . She might never wake up.

To be continued....
