Tenchi Muyo and its characters are property of Pioneer although any original characters are property of 
the Author. This fic was made for fun and in no way I am making money out of it. 

What Tomorrow Might Bring
Part 1

    It was a beautiful day but to the displeasure of Mihoshi it was time for her to go on patrol by herself 
since Kiyone, who was assigned to be her partner a month ago, had to stay behind due to an illness. All 
seemed to be normal during the patrol but this changed when she encountered a spacial abnormality that 
made her ship disappear. Time passed and Mihoshi had failed to return when she was expected to.

Aeka: Miss Washu, Mihoshi has not come back and we are all getting worried.

Washu: I know and I am working on finding her now. Hello what is this?

Aeka: What is it?

Washu: I scanned the last known area that Mihoshi was at and discovered an abnormality. The abnormality 
is a warp in time. It was most likely that Mihoshi ended up in the future, since if Mihoshi had ended up in 
the past, the bubble head would have caused a temporal distortion, which I would have detected.  The only 
way to find her now is to go through the distortion and hope that it takes us to the same time Mihoshi might 
have ended up at.

Aeka: Are you sure that she went through it?

Washu: Yes. I scanned for Yukino's engine signature and it leads there.

    So the Tenchi gang which included a cured Kiyone embarked to go, leaving Noboyuki and Kasuhito 
behind. Using the new ship Yagami that was given to Kiyone since Mihoshi used the Yukino, they went 
through the abnormality. And just as Washu had concluded, it did lead to the future. They learned this 
when, as soon as they had come trough the abnormality, they were approached by ships, identifying 
themselves as Earth vessels. The Tenchi gang were told that they would be fired upon if they did not 
identify themselves. Knowing that the pilots would not believe what they told them, it was decided by the 
gang to evade the ships, which they did, after some difficulty.

Washu: According to the signals I am getting, it is February 4, 2804, Earth time. And it seems Earth is at 
war with Jurai.

Everyone: WHAT?

Aeka: Can you find anything that explains why the Earth and Jurai are currently at war, Miss Washu?

Washu: Sheesh, I was getting to that.. and how many times must I say it, call me little Washu!

Aeka: Sorry. Please continue, little Washu.

Washu: That's better. It seems that when the people of Earth were capable of traveling beyond their solar 
system, Jurai made its introduction to them and welcomed them to join the Galactic Union.   All seemed to 
be going smoothly, until they found out that if they joined, they would have to follow the laws set upon by 
the Jurian Royalty. This resulted in Earth proclaiming itself independent from Jurai, which did not go over 
too well, since Earth is seen as part of their territory. Tensions were high, but the accidental destruction of 
an Earth colony was what set the war off.

Aeka: I do not understand what the problem was about joining with the laws we have. They are fair and 
just. And the destruction of the colony was an accident!

Ryoko: Maybe they realized how annoying royal types are.

Aeka: WHAT DID YOU SAY, MONSTER WOMAN?!

Ryoko: What are you, hard of hearing? I said..

Tenchi: Knock it off, you two. The most important thing right now is to find Mihoshi and get back to our 
time as soon as possible. We do not want to get involved, since it is too late to stop this war now. The best 
thing to do is get Mihoshi and then after we get back to our time to see what we can do to stop this war 
from happening.

Sasami: I hope Mihoshi is OK. I am worried for her.

Kiyone: Don't worry, I am sure that she is fine- after all, she is a Galaxy police officer.

Kiyone said this to help Sasami not to worry too much, and even though she would not want anyone else to 
know it, she also said this to ensure herself that Mihoshi would be fine.

Sasami (unsure): I guess you're right, Kiyone. 

Aeka: But where do we begin? She could be anywhere.

Kiyone: Well, the best bet is that she might have gone to the Galaxy Police headquarters, if it still exists 
here.

Tenchi: Then that's where we should head to as well. Let's hope that she did go there.

Kiyone: Then we are off!

The Yagami took off in the direction that they remembered the Galaxy Police headquarters being. After 
some time, they finally reached it. They discover that it must have been destroyed some time in the past, 
since nothing but wreckage was all they found.

Aeka: Oh my..

Kiyone: What happened here?

Washu: I do not know but I can tell you that this happened recently. We might be able to find out when, 
since I just found Yukino... but he is not in good shape, according to my readings.

Kiyone: Where is he?

Washu: Twenty-four degrees from our current location.

Kiyone: Got it!

Kiyone pilots the Yagami towards Yukino, whose hull did not seem breached, although there was some 
engine and external damage. 

Washu: I am not picking up any life signs or anything else to indicate that Mihoshi is in Yukino.

Tenchi: Can you get a hold of Yukino, Kiyone?

Kiyone: I have already tried, but I can not seem to get through. We are going to have to go on board to see 
what's wrong, and hopefully we can find some answers there as well.

After moving the Yukino into the Yagami's hangar with a tractor beam, they went inside. They soon 
encountered a mess, which was to be expected because of Mihoshi's lack of tidiness skills. The real 
damage was discovered when they got to the cockpit, where they found some of the control systems 
shorted out and the head of Yukino destroyed.

Tenchi: How are we going to find out what happened here, and where Mihoshi is now?

Washu: Tenchi, you should have learned by now that there is nothing I can't do, so it will not take long for 
me to fix this mess.

After an uneasy waiting period, Yukino's AI system was fixed.

Washu: There, that should do it! 

Yukino suddenly comes back to life.

Yukino: MIHOSHI!

Yukino's distress made everyone jump in surprise, but they got their composure back right away. 

Washu: Calm down and tell us what happened here.

Yukino (calming down): Oh, Miss Washu!

Washu promptly gives him a funny look.

Yukino (sweat drops): Uh.little Washu! 

Washu: That's better. Now what happened here, and where is Mihoshi?

Yukino: It was terrible! We did not know what we could do to do get back to our time, so we came here 
with hopes that we could get help. But when we did, we discovered a military force was attacking the 
headquarters, and as soon as they noticed us, they turned their attention at us as well. We were able to avoid 
most of the fire, and just when we were about to get away, a mecha of some sort showed up and damaged 
the engines! For some reason, it left us helpless, but it did not finish us off. It instead turned its attention on 
the headquarters, and with three shots from a weapon it had, it destroyed the shields. With one more shot, it 
destroyed the entire building!

Tenchi: That explains why it was destroyed, but what about Mihoshi?

Yukino: After the headquarters were destroyed, a ship came to our location, and the mecha went inside it. 
Shortly after this happened...

Sasami: What happened?! Was Mihoshi hurt?

Yukino: ...

Aeka (getting a bad feeling): Uh, Sasami? Could you come with me? I need your help with something.

Sasami knew that something had happened to Mihoshi that the others did not want her to know about, so 
she reluctantly went.

Washu (after Aeka and Sasami departed): Please continue.

Yukino: I'll show you what happened after that.

A nearby monitor turns on and starts to show what had happened, in the point of view of Yukino. Mihoshi 
was shown panicking, due to not being able to move the ship. Yukino was heard trying to unsuccessfully 
calm her down when the door leading to the cockpit opened. In stepped a man in his mid-twenties, dressed 
in a black military uniform.

Man: Are you Mihoshi Kuramitsu?

Mihoshi: Uh, why yes, I am. Are you here to help me?

Man: No.

Before Mihoshi knew it the man had drawn a blaster and shot her in the chest, causing her to fall to the 
ground, unmoving.

Yukino: MIHOSHI!

Man: You have nothing to worry about. She is still alive, because I have a use for her. As for you, you are 
expendable.

The man points his blaster at Yukino and fires. The screen is filled with static.

No one said anything after seeing what had happened to Mihoshi. They felt worried,but then their emotions 
quickly changed to anger. How could someone do this to one of their friends!?

Ryoko: Tenchi, I know you said that we should not get involved, but when we get Mihoshi back, I am 
going to make that guy regret ever hurting anyone!

Kiyone: Same goes for me!

Washu: Count me in as well, but the thing that bothers me most is, how did he know Mihoshi's name?

Tenchi: I do not know, but we will find out, that's for sure.

Ryoko and Washu noted that they had not seen Tenchi this mad since he had fought Kagato. Not soon after 
the discussion, Aeka and Sasami came back in, and were told what had happened in a toned-down version 
so that Sasami would not be too upset. However, she still was anyway when she learned that Mihoshi was 
hurt. The Tenchi gang went back to the cockpit of the Yagami to discuss what to do next.

Ryoko: So now what do we do? We do not know where that guy might have taken Mihoshi to.

Washu: <summons her astral computer> Already on it, daughter dearest. Let's see.. GP ships use a 
specified energy generator for all their ships, so if we track those not matching it, it should lead us to were 
we want to go. Ah, there we are.. 

Kiyone: So where do we go?

Washu: I inputted the data into the computer of the Yagami, so all you need to do now is follow the trail.

As soon as Kiyone confirmed what she was told, she set the Yagami on the way that the enemy ships had 
gone. While on the route, her thoughts were on Mihoshi. Even though Mihoshi was a burden to her, she 
would not want anything like what she saw on the monitor happen to her. She promised to herself that 
when she met the guy who had hurt her, she would make him regret it. Kiyone was not the only one 
thinking about Mihoshi. The others were having different thoughts about her and how she fit into their 
lives, and they all were hoping that she was OK. Time passed, and soon the Yagami when they came to a 
space station.

Kiyone: Here is where the trail leads, but we do not want to get any closer. We do not want to get detected.

Tenchi: If that's where Mihoshi is, then we have to get in there to find her!

Washu: I am afraid that you, Aeka, and Sasami can not go. They might have systems that detect Jurian 
energy, and they might also detect Ryoko's energy as well. This means that Kiyone must go alone. I will 
stay here to keep their systems from finding her when it is time to leave.

Kiyone: I am ready to go anytime, then.

Washu: Not just yet. People from Earth do not have teal-colored hair, so we have to change it. You have a 
choice of brunette, blonde, and my personal favorite, red.

Kiyone: I'll take the brunette color, thank you.

Washu: You do not know what you are missing..

Kiyone: Could we just get on with this?

Washu: OK, OK. Sheesh. You are no fun.

After Washu changes Kiyone's hair color, she makes a uniform for the artificial brunette that matches the 
type they saw the man who took Mihoshi wear. All that remained now was to figure out how she would get 
into the station. Washu soon solved this problem by hacking into the computers of the station and making a 
fake transmission of data, explaining that Kiyone was being transferred there from another location. She 
also went and gave the Yagami a false id number, which she put in the station's computer as well. 

Washu: OK, everything is ready. Here, take this. Use it only when you find Mihoshi or if you get into 
trouble. And do not worry, the signal will be distorted, so they will not be able to track you when you use 
it.

Washu hands Kiyone a communication device that is small enough to hide.

Kiyone: Thanks.

Washu: The plan is simple. Kiyone will take the Yagami to the base, and with the false ids for her and 
Yagami, she'll be able to dock and enter the station. In the meantime we'll hide in a subspace pocket I have 
made to hide us. When she finds Mihoshi, she'll contact us, and we will cause a diversion so that she can 
get her and bring her back to the ship. Everyone understand?

Everyone nods their heads in response. Everyone takes their positions soon afterwards, but not before 
Kiyone had been told by everyone to be careful and to have good luck. When the Yagami neared the 
station, it was hailed by security personnel.

Security: Please identify yourself and your reason for being here.

Kiyone: My name is Kiyone Makibi, and I am being transferred to serve at this station. 

Security: Please give us your personal I.D. number for yourself and your ship to confirm this.

Kiyone: My id number is 1568325, and my ship's is 2678204.

Security: Is there anyone else with you?

Kiyone: No, it is just me.

Security: Please wait a moment while we confirm this.

The waiting made Kiyone nervous as sensors from the station checked the Yagami and the I.D. numbers 
she had given were checked separately. She knew that Washu's hacking wouldn't fail, but she could not 
help worrying that it would anyway. Either way, she had to hide this nervousness  so no one would be 
suspicious.

Security: Sorry for the wait. You are cleared to dock at B32.

Kiyone sighed with relief as soon as the security personnel got off the screen, and she easily docked the 
Yagami.

Once inside, she noticed that all the personnel were wearing navy blue uniforms, so she worried that Washu 
had made a mistake. Making her way deeper into the complex, she overheard two officers who looked at 
her.

Officer 1: Another one of those Special Forces guys? The one we have here already is enough. 

Officer 2: You should be grateful, since it could have been worse if he had not shown up. We only lost ten 
percent of our forces on that fight... but still, he did take out all the fun in fighting the GP when he blew 
up their station with that thing of his. Too bad about the GP, though.

Officer 1: Well they should not have gotten involved in the war, but I guess you can not blame them. After 
all, they were like dogs following the commands of their master.

Kiyone ignored this comment and figured that the other person could be the guy who took Mihoshi. To find 
out where he was, and perhaps find Mihoshi at the same time, she decided to make small talk with the 
officers.

Kiyone: Excuse me, did you say there was another person in the same unit as me?

Officer 1 (surprised): Uh.. Yes, but he usually stays to himself in some lab he has here. 

Kiyone: Do you know what his name is? I would like to talk to him.

Officer 2: His name is John Evans, I believe. But I do not think you'll be able to talk to him, since like my 
friend said, that guy is a loner and locks himself in his lab.

Kiyone could not help but wonder if all scientific types were like that..

Kiyone (snapping out of her thoughts): I would like to try. Can you tell me where this lab is?

Officer 1: It is in section 34 and at room 231, which is two floors up from this one.

Kiyone (leaving): Thanks. 

Now that she knew who and where the guy was, Kiyone hoped it would lead her to Mihoshi. And if in the 
process she hurt him, it would not be something that she would regret doing. She made her way to where 
she had been told to go, but ran into a problem when she saw that there were guards at the entrance. 

Guard: Halt! This is a restricted area.

Kiyone: I need to talk to John Evans.

Guard: He is not here right now. He is busy talking to one of the high-ranking officers. The office is not far 
from here, just go straight and take a left at the third corridor. From there, look for the tenth door on the 
right. When he is done, you might be able to talk to him, if you are lucky.

She left and followed the directions given to her. She soon got to the lab door, and she could make out 
voices behind it. Looking around to see that no one was coming, she decided to put her ear against the door 
and listen.

Voice 1: The prototype did well against the GP, as the collected data shows. Is it enough for it to be mass-
produced yet?

Voice 2: The GP's power is entirely different from that of Jurai. I need to see how it does against a Jurain 
target first.

Voice 1: Very well, then give me a Jurain target, and I'll show you.

Voice 2: Hmm.. Well, we are planning to make an attack on Ryuten, which produces Jurai's ships. If this 
place is taken out, it will be a heavy blow on Jurai. If you are capable of doing this with the prototype, then 
it will no doubt lead to its mass production.

Voice 1: Very well, Admiral, I will do this. When is the attack going to happen?

Admiral: In two days, at nineteen hundred hours. So be prepared by then, John.

John: Yes, sir. 

Admiral: One more thing about the prisoner that you captured. How is the interrogation going?

John: Not so good, sir. She still is lying, and I can't get her to tell us anything useful. I might have to 
change my tactics to get her to talk.

Admiral: Very well. Just remember that war also has rules, so try and not to go too far. Understood?

John: Yes sir. As we speak, she is still being held at the station's prison.

Kiyone had heard enough and knew where to go to find Mihoshi, but before she was able to leave, the door 
suddenly opened. On the other side was the man she had grown to hate.

John: Who are you?

To be continued...
















 










 













 


