From: walker@mail.accent.net (Ifurita)
Subject: [FanFic] A Tenchi Christmas Fic


Anyway, we're guaranteed to see a whole wack of Ranma christmas fics...so I'm gonna do a tenchi one!
Whoo! Enjoy!

(Note: This is written at the spur of the moment...after my final exam...)

Anyway...here we go...

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                   I saw Ryoko kissing Tenchi under the Mistletoe
                              A Completely Unnecessary Fanfic
                                       By Ifurita

        
        It was december 23rd, and a blanket of snow lay upon the ground surrounding the Misaki
shrine. Sasami gleefully chased Ryo-ohki around in the snow. Tenchi swept the steps clean with
Kiyone. Ryoko floated above them, shovel in her hand.
        "Ryoko-san, you should be helping." said Aeka, who held a shovel also.
        "But I don't want to...why do we have to do this anyway? It'll just all melt in a few
months." Ryoko stuck out her tongue at Aeka.
        "Ryoko, that's not the point, it's because it's unsafe, especially along the steps. Would
you like to fall down these steps because they were all covered with Snow?" asks Tenchi.
        Almost to punctuate that point, Mihoshi came bouncing down the steps, pass the group and
lands in the pile of Snow Aeka had made.
        "Mihoshi! are you all right?" said Kiyone, Rushing over to her partner.
        "Ala ala ala...Mihoshi's head hurts." Mihoshi's head pops out of the snow pile. She shakes
it...something rattles.
        "That's what I mean Ryoko." said Tenchi.
        Ryoko floats down and begins to shovel along with Aeka.
        "Tenchi-sama, is it true that tomorrow we are to exchange gifts in some sort of earth
custom?" asked Aeka.
        "Well...it's a western Custome, but most Japanese people celebrate it anyway, because it's a
lot of fun. Yes, we do." said Tenchi
        "Do we all exchange gifts?" asked Ryoko.
        "Well, it's usually between family, or with close friends, or people you love."
        Ryoko teleports next to Tenchi. "Oh...so you got me something?" she snuggles up to him,
causing him to slip and tumble down the steps, into Mihoshi and Kiyone.
        "Ano! Mihoshi has snow all down her shirt!" said Mihoshi. "It's cold!"
        Tenchi looks up from where he's landed, right between Kiyone's legs.
        "Tenchi, If I didn't see you fall, I'd kill you right now." said Kiyone.
        "Humph, Tenchi-sama will be getting me and me only a present." said Aeka.
        "Aeka, I already got you present..." said Ryoko.
        "Ryoko-san? You did?" Aeka get a surprised look on her face.
        "Here it is!" Ryoko throws a snowball at Aeka, hitting Aeka Square in teh face.
        "RYOKO-SAN!" Aeka whiped the snow out of her eyes.
        Ryoko laughed heartily, until Aeka's snowball struck her in the face.
        "Why you little Brat!" Ryoko and Aeka began to pelt each other with Snowballs.
        "Ala." said Mihoshi.

        Later, after everyone had dried off, they sat around the table sipping tea.
        "Tenchi, You ARE going to get presents for all these girls?" Said Nobuyuki.
        Tenchi choked on his tea. "Um, yes I am Dad."
        "Good! You know what women will do for good presents!" Nobuyuki slapped Tenchi on the back,
laughing. Yosho smiled too.
        "That's right Tenchi, if you get me the right gift, I'll..." started Ryoko, until Aeka's
looks cut her off.
        "So, when are you going into town?" said Yosho.
        "Um...today...tomorrow maybe? Most likely today..." Tenchi started, he looked at the girls.
"Um...today...yea...today..come to think about it...I'll go right now!" Tenchi leapt up and grabbed
his coat and ran out the door.
        "Tenchi-sama! I need to get mine too!" said Aeka.
        "Me too!" was echoed by the other girls.

        Later, the group had arrived in town, minus Tenchi, for he had to given them the slip as
soon as they had gotten on the bus.
        "Now...what will I get tenchi?" said Ryoko to herself. "Maybe I'll buy myself a black silk
teddy, and give him something extra Special." Ryoko acceptedly says that out load.
        "Oh no you don't!" says Aeka. "You won't be doing that!"
        "OH yea! YOU Gonna Stop me???" Ryoko began to charge up.
        "Um...can we just get presents?" said Kiyone. Sasami looked at them pleading too.
        "Um...sure..." said Aeka and Ryoko.
        "Ok, we'll meet back here in 3 hours, at 5." Kiyone said, and ran off.
        "Sounds good." they rest leave, save for Mihoshi.
        "Ano..Mihoshi don't know what to do!" she yelled and began to cry.
        "Mihoshi-neechan! Come with me!" said Sasami, pulling Mihoshi along.

        Ryoko walked though the shop, looking at the shirts and sweaters. 
        "What would Tenchi like?" she looked at a nice plaid long sleaved shirt, feeling the fabric.
        A salesmen prances (You know....PRANCE...) up to Ryoko.
        "Can I help you miss?" he asks, a lisp obscuring his speech.
        (NOTE: I don't know how a lisp would appear in writing...so just imagine         it...)
        "Uh...yes, I need to find a..." Ryoko struggles for the word.
        "A Christmas present for your Boyfriend? Girlfriend?" asked the man, flicking a limp wrist.
        "Uh....girl..I mean Boyfriend...yea...that's it."
        "Sure. Well, you can't go wrong with silk..." He holds out the sleave of a black silk shirt
for Ryoko to feel.
        "Yea, that's nice." she said. "You know..I don't think he'd want this, uh...bye." Ryoko
'ported out of the shop.
        "Hmmm...Bitch.." said the Man.
        "That was just...weird...I think I'll get tenchi something practical." she said. "Wait...I
know..." Ryoko ports away again.

        Aeka looked though the store windows.
        "I could use a new riding crop..." she said, looking in the window of a B&D Shop. "No...I
have to buy for Tenchi-sama before myself." she continued along the shops until she came to a
Chocolate shop.
        "This is an Idea." Aeka walked into the Shop and looked at the various chocolates. 
        "This one is cute!" She said, pointing to a Chocolate shaped like the Luna-P. "But it's not
tenchi.
        "Can I help you?" asked the Women behind the counter.
        "Yes, I need something for my...friend for Christmas. I need something that suits him." 
        "What about this?" the Woman reaches under and pulls out a Chocolate that's shaped like a
couple in the throws of passion.
        "Eeek! Ecchi! NO!" Aeka blushes.
        "Heh...Didn't think so. How about this one?" She pulls out a box full of various chocolates.
"This has a variety of our most popular." 
        "That's prefect!" exclames Aeka.

        At 5, the group met again. Kiyone had 2 bags full of presents, Mihoshi and Sasami's arms
were full. Ryoko and Aeka only had 2 presents each.
        "Wai!...we have so much! Lets go home now!" Said Mihoshi, raising her arm, and letting the
presents she's holding fall to the ground.
        "Baka." said Kiyone under her breath.
        
        The Next day, they all sat about the table, eating breakfast.
        "You think we should get a tree?" said Nobuyuki to Yosho.
        "Yes, that would look quite nice." said Nobuyuki. "TENCHI! fetch an Ax and cut us down a
tree!" 
        "Hai, grandfather!" said Tenchi, breaking his chopsticks.
        "Tenchi, I'll help you...we can be alone in the forest..." Ryoko appeared with her arms
around Tenchi.
        "Ryoko-san, you will not!" Stormed Aeka.
        "I don't think YOU can be any use....you probably can't even help carry it." said Ryoko.
        "Aeka-neechan! Ryoko-neechan! No fighting until after breakfast!" said Sasami.

        In the Surrounding woods, Tenchi, Ryoko and Aeka stand around a good sized Fir.
        "This looks like a good one." said Tenchi and he began to chop at the trunk of the tree.
        "Tenchi, that's not very efficient...let me try..." Ryoko's Beam saber appeared in her hand
and she cut though the tree in one fell swing.
        Unfortunately, Aeka is standing on the opposite side of the Tree...and it begins to fall on
her.
        "AEKA!" says Ryoko and she grabs the tree, stopping it short of Aeka's head.
        "Ryoko-san?" said Aeka in Surprise.
        "Um..." Ryoko blushed. "I just didn't want to hurt the tree." 
        "Sure...thank you."
        "Don't mention it."

        That night, they had a wonderful dinner prepared by Mihoshi, Sasami and Kiyone. A Golden
turkey (A real one..shipped from America. Kiyone...aquired it.) was the center place. They all ate
their fill and relaxed around the tree, which Aeka and Ryoko had decorated together without coming
to blow...more than 3 times.
        "OK! Time to exchange presents!" said Sasami
        "MIYA!!!" said Ryo-ohki. She had little Reindeer antlers on.
        "Yea, lets do it!' Said Ryoko. She wore one of those "Ms. Claus" Outfits, that are NOT What
Ms. Claus would wear..if you know what I mean.
        "Um...lets.." said Tenchi. He felt rather uncomfortable with every girl holding a presant
for him. Even Ryo-ohki had one.
        "What about Washuu?" asked Tenchi.
        "She said she has something for all of us. She'll give it to us when she finishes." said
Yosho.
        "OH, Ok"
        "Open mine first Tenchi-niichan!" said Sasami, handing him a flat box.
        Tenchi Takes it and carefully rips off the paper. Inside was a wonderful plaid scarf. The
Initials "TM" were sewn into it.
        "Thank you Sasami-chan!" and Tenchi hugs her.
        "MIYA!" says Ryo-ohki as she leapt into Tenchi's lap.
        "I'll open yours now." Tenchi opens the package. It's a Carrot."
        "It's from her personal stash." said Ryoko, smiling.
        "MIYA!" 
        "Now mine Tenchi." said Kiyone. Her gift was a gray and white wool sweater.
        "Wai! All such nice gifts!" Mihoshi said. Her Gift was a selection of Boxer shorts. Tenchi
Blushed as he looked at them.
        "You need new ones, tenchi-niichan, all your's have more holes than they should." Said
Sasami.
        "Open mine Tenchi-sama." Tenchi took Aeka's package and opened it.
        "Chocolates! Thank you Aeka-san." said Tenchi, he took one and popped it into his mouth.
        "Tenchi, I'm next. I know you'll like it." Ryoko hands the package to Tenchi. He takes the
Paper off and opens the Box.
        "Ryoko..." said Tenchi, as he looks down at the Photo of Achika, Ryoko and Aeka in a very
nice wooden Frame.
        "You don't remember this, but it was when we went back in time. I forgot I had it."
        "Ryoko...thank you." tenchi just stared at the photo.
        "Your welcome."
        "I have one for you Aeka." said Ryoko. She handed another present to Aeka. "it's kinda I'm
sorry for hurting you all those times." 
        "Ryoko-san? It's not..." Aeka Opened teh Box, and saw a small packet of Seeds.
        "I found them in my stash. musta been from last time I had an encounter with a Jurain Ship."
        "Seeds of the Royal flowers. Ryoko, this means a lot to me. Thank you."
        "Don't go make a big deal. It was either this or Throw them away."
        "Open Mine Ryoko-san." Ryoko took Aeka's package and opened it.
        "What's this? A Pajama's?" Ryoko cocked her Eyebrow.
        "It's about time you had some real clothes." Aeka laughed behind her hand.
        "Why don't you two kiss and make up?" asked Nobuyuki.
        "Ecchi!" said Aeka.
        "Look what you to are sitting under." said Yosho.
        Ryoko and Aeka look up, seeing a ball of mistletoe dangling above them. 
        "Go on...it's what your suppose to do." said Tenchi.
        "No way! I'll be nice to her, but I'm not gonna kiss her!' said Ryoko.
        "Ok ok, how about we open your presents Tenchi." said Kiyone.
        "There's only one...and it's for all of you." tenchi brought it out.
        "We'll all open it." said Aeka. All the girls took a hold of the paper and ripped.
        "Wai! What a Nice Picture!" Exclaimed Mihoshi.
        The gift was a enlarge photo of everyone together in a frame. Everyone looks extremely
happy.
        "I didn't know what to get you individually, so I just did this. This is how I like to thing
of you...all one big happy group." said Tenchi.
        "That's so sweet." said Kiyone.
        Mihoshi began to cry.
        "HEY! You guys forgot about mine! Come out here!" said Washuu's voice.
        The Group runs out and stand on the deck.
        "What is it?" asks Ryoko.
        "Watch." Washuu types something on her laptop and all of a sudden fireworks begin to go off,
stars began to shoot upon the clear black sky.
        "It's incredible." said Tenchi, not noticing that Ryoko and Aeka had put their arms around
him.
        "Of course it is! Its from Washuu! The Greatest Scientist in the Universe!!"


                                *END*

That's it...what you think?

        

        



To bad, only a novice....
The worst Taboo in all of History...
Ifurita...

Geoffrey Ryan Walker
walker@mail.accent.net
Visit Ifurita's Tomb
Http://www.accnet.net/walker/Index.html
(And if I hear ONE Winde up joke...)
