Tenchi Muyo!: Ying to Yang
Episode 1, "Kagami no Sugata Muyo." 
("No need for Mirror Images.")


The Masaki Shrine has existed for a little over seven hundred
years. And Yosho, once crown prince of Jurai, has been her
constant keeper. Even now, after such turmoil of the near past,
he continues to watch it carefully. An upstanding figure head for
the Masaki household. Yosho, currently, was methodically using
the hand made broom to gently push the vivid colored Fall leaves
from the stone walkway and stairs of the temple. He found it a
good way to contemplate, and was fairly glad his grandson
Tenchi's school was rebuilt, so he was allowed more often to do
such chores. The Fall was when times changed, and life came to a
close. A proper time for thinking about the past. Most things
now, seemed long ago to him, as he grew older. His thoughts
turned to his past love, as any mind seems drawn to falling
leaves, even as they are to the romance of the cherry blossoms.
He still missed her, but everyone comes to terms with such
things. After all, Achika had come of the union, a reminder of
his wife, and then Tenchi, a grandson he took great pride in.
But, his mind had fallen into the rail of the past, and his
thoughts moved farther back, until he became so engrossed, in
whatever he was thinking, he stopped to simply lean on the broom.
He wasn't drawn out of his contemplation until he heard footsteps
on the Shrine's stone stairway. "Tenchi. They say hind-sight is
twenty-twenty. What do you think?" 
Tenchi, used to his Grandfather's quick reactions to him, simply
scratched his head, and replied to Yosho's question. "Well, I
guess it is. I mean, you can look back and correct your
mistakes." 
"Indeed. Well, Tenchi. Is dinner ready yet?"
"Yeah, Grandpa. That's what I came up here to tell you," Tenchi
faltered at the sudden change of subject, then the heart slap on
his back. 
"Good, Sasami is a wonderful cook. I'm glad we don't have to live
with Noboyuki's anymore." And with that stated, he took off down
the temple stairs at a brisk pace, leaving Tenchi behind him in
the dust.

***

Inter-space travel is very frequent out side of The Solar System,
so another vessel sliding through space, toward it was a bit
unusual, but not a large problem. Perhaps, as it entered the
section, it might have been checked by the Galaxy Police officer
on duty, but the post was empty. As always. Their was only one
occupant of the small vessel brooded at the screen, as the ship
moved closer to the planet on the view screen. The planet's clear
mixtures of greens, browns, whites and blues, clearly marked it
apart from the other giant of the system. Earth. "Well, I finally
made it out here. Now, I will have the truth, and her allow her
spirit the rest it deserves!" The figure's fist clenched, it's
anger showing the devotion in the cause of the words.

***

Supper at the house was it's usual affair, Ryoko sitting on one
side of the unfortunate Tenchi, alternatively inhaling her food,
glomping Tenchi's arm, and glaring daggers at Aeka, who one the
other side, was doing much the same thing, minus the bad manners.
Her's were smug instead, if eating habits can be. Sasami ran
around retrieving bowls, and asking if the food was all right in
her usually cheerful manner. Nobuyuki was trying to come on to
the ditz Mihoshi, or as he would put it, "having a conversation."
And Washuu, power-hungry as always, manned the remote control. 
Everything was perfectly normal, peaceful. Nothing seemed to be
happening at all. However, if Washuu had been down in her
sub-space lab, she might have noticed her scanners picking up yet
another space craft, landing near the Masaki home. 

***

Last night's meal had ended with a long round of drinks,
including Ryoko, Aeka, Yosho and Nobuyuki. So, as to be expected,
when Tenchi rose to get ready for school, a practice he wasn't
happy to be doing, the only other people in the house were his
father, who had to get up to leave for work regardless of whether
he had a hangover or not. And, Ryo-ohki of course, since she is
always up begging for a carrot, if someone is in the kitchen.
When Tenchi entered, he noticed his father groggily poking a
zucchini at Ryo-ohki, in the mistaken attempt to give her a
carrot. "Miyaaa!" the cabbit whined at Tenchi, turning her
tear-stained face, which seemed to beg him to get rid of
Nobuyuki, at least until he was wide awake. "Oi, Pop. Haven't had
tea yet have you?" Tenchi remarked, picking up Ryo-ohki moving
her away from the sleepy man, and dropping carrot by her.
Ryo-ohki snapped back into her congenial self right off, as soon
as she got what she wanted. 
Sighing, Tenchi quickly whipped up some instant tea for his
father, and gave it to him, with the fleeting urge to just dump
the hot liquid on his head. "Jeez, Pop. Drink the tea and drop
the Zucchini." 
"Eh, Tenchi?" Nobuyuki answered sleepily. "You want to do what?
My little boy is finally growing up!" Surging to his feet, the
middle-aged architect hugged Tenchi tightly. "But, you shouldn't
you be asking on of the girls that?" He looked at Tenchi
curiously. Even sleep shrouded, this man's mind was on one thing. 
"Pop! No! Can't you think of something else?! Jeez." He grabbed
the bento* Sasami had thoughtfully left out for him, and stalked
toward the front door.
Tenchi hastily gathered up his school materials, and shoves his
feet into his shoes. And made it out the door, before he could
win any attentions from the other residents in the household, who
were either sleeping, or laid out from the rounds of sake on the
floor or couch. Which, were Aeka and Ryoko, two people he didn't
need fighting early in the morning. "Phew."
The day passed quickly for Tenchi, who had the special ability to
adapt to any new situation with ease, an ability he learned he
had over the time in which he gained so many house guests. Even
if it and taken him a week or so to feel comfortable with the
normal routine, and not being around the girls all day. He might
have considered it a vacation, if not for the recent troubles
they had all gone through together. But at the last bell, he was
still eager to get home. So, lugging his books, he headed off for
the bus stop, and his ride home. Just as he was about to board
the newly arrived bus, someone else slammed into him, obviously
in a huge hurry. 
"Oooh! Damnit! This is it either!" the sounds of an annoyed young
woman floated down to the ground, where he happened to be laying,
and greeted his ear. "Ergh," was about the only reply to that
Tenchi could make at the moment, and it looked as though he would
be stepped on again, when the girl turned around to get back on
the bus. And she almost did too, stopping with her foot inches
away from his face. 
"Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't see you. Sumimasen!" She looked horribly
stricken at the fact she just ran Tenchi over. "You really have
to forgive me! I'm so so sorry!" offering Tenchi a hand. 
"Err.. It's all right." Tenchi muttered, rubbing the back of his
head. He gave the girl one more of those indecisive looks, and
boarded the bus. 
The girl followed right after Tenchi, literally, all the way to
his seat and say down next to him. "I suppose the next drop off
is the Masaki Shrine? Right?" she asked, hopefully. 
"Yeah, it is. Why do you want to know anyway?" Tenchi seldom saw
anyone come to visit the Shrine, let alone did he expect to find
someone so eager ro view it. 
"Oh! How silly of me," she giggled, "I'm Kagami Hino. I want to
visit the Shrine, because if I live near here, I need to know
where the local shrine is! It's my spiritual duty. Besides, if
you live somewhere of the beaten path as this, you just have to
bet it has some interesting stories to tell. In fact, I heard
that one of the ancestor's of the Masaki's, the people who built
the Shrine, sealed away a demon, and it's been there for almost
seven hundred years! Until another Masaki released it. Isn't that
neat? I don't think it is true though." she laughed. "What do you
think?"
"Eh..." Tenchi just stared at Kagami. How had she known these
things? The demon legend was common enough, but to know he had
let it out? "Well, um.. That's a pretty interesting story. You'd
have to ask the Shrine's keeper, about that." Regardless of how
cheerful, and Mihoshi like this Kagami Hino was, he felt edgy
about letting her know who he was. His opinion was returned with
a sincere smile, and thankfully, Kagami didn't harass him
further.
The bus eventfully returned Tenchi to the stop near his home, and
Kagami to the Masaki Shrine area. Tenchi was almost rid of the
girl when she decided more firm directions were to be in order.
"Oh! Hey! Can you please tell me where to go, for the Shrine?
Onegai!" She clung to Tenchi's arm effectively as Ryoko or Aeka,
and turned the most demonic of all female weapons on him, the
puppy eyes. "Onegai! I can tell you know where it is! Can you
take me there?" Her request expand from directions, to an escort. 
"Oi, you're almost as bad as Ryoko and Aeka." Tenchi muttered to
himself, but caved in and nodded to Kagami, after being
physically shaken around by the seemingly fragile girl. "I'll do
it!! Ah!! Stop shaking me!!" 
"Hai!" 
So, Tenchi ended up dragging Kagami, who refused to let go of his
arm, for "fear of being lost" all they way to the entrance to the
Shrine. "Here you go Kagami, can you please let go now?!" 
"Of course I can." She gave him a sweet smile. "Don't be so
demanding though. Some people would think you're rude." 
"Why, Tenchi, who do we have here? Don't tell me you and Nobuyuki
have been hiding her away from me all this time." 
"Eh?" Tenchi gaped at his grandfather. "I've never seen this girl
in my life!" 
"Remarkable resemblance though," Yosho concluded, stroking his
chin. It was also the case too. Kagami, did indeed, look
remarkably like Tenchi, with his same black hair, and light
frame. She even kept her hair back in a thin tail, like Tenchi
did. They could have passed for twins, except for Kagami's wine
colored eyes, and bangs that covered her forehead, and one eye.
Yosho smiled gently at Kagami, and bowed. "I am Yosho Masaki. How
may I help you?" 
Kagami grinned, and bowed back, just the right amount, with an
air of trained respect. "I'm Kagami Hino! I asked, Tenchi?" she
paused, questioning his name.
"Tenchi Masaki. He would be my grandson." 
"Oh. Well, I asked Tenchi, to show me up here, because I so
dearly wanted to see the Shrine, and ask some questions!" 
"Well, Kagami-san, it would be my pleasure to show you around the
grounds, and while I do, you can ask me whatever questions you
like." He took Kagami's arm, and began walking her toward the
main shrine. "Tenchi, why don't you go back home and get some of
that homework done. It's important to stay on top of whatever you
do." Tenchi nodded, glanced at Kagami and retreated down the
hill. He'd have liked to discuss the strange feeling he had about
the girl with someone, but Grandpa was currently busy, and
mentioning another girl at home would cause something to be blown
to pieces. 
"I'd very much like that Masaki-sama!" Kagami told Yosho with a
general enthusiasm akin to a "blonde". "Well, I've heard so much
about this local shrine, that I just had to some and see it," she
began, repeating herself, "and so many stories. Like the for
instance, seven hundred years ago, a Masaki family resident," she
broke off to give Yosho a sidelong glance, "built this shrine to
entomb a demon, and they have watched it ever since. Also, that
the demon recently escaped, and tried to sell fake "cure-alls" at
one festival that was held here. Some people just dismissed it as
three triplets, but, I'm not sure. Now, more then ever. After
all, you are a Masaki, and so was your grandson, that boy who
brought me up here." 
Yosho smiled politely, "Yes, the Shrine was built some seven
hundred years ago, around a tomb of what people thought was a
restless spirit. But, not a demon. And yes, the Masaki's still
are it's keepers." He gently pulled Kagami over to the stone tied
with the ceremonial warding and blessing ropes and papers. "As
you can see, the tomb is still here. And closed." 
Kagami nodded. "Yes, it seems that way. Thank you." 
Yosho continued with the tour, Kagami asking more random
questions, but both the talk and the paths eventfully brought
them both back around to where they started. Kagami began
fidgeting nervously, toward the end of the walk. "Masaki-sama?"
She glanced at Yosho, brushing her hair out of her eyes. "I have
a question. Is it.. Possible you could do me a favor?" 
"Kagami-san, feel free to ask. I'll certainly try."
Kagami looked hesitant, but launched quickly into her question,
and explanation, speaking quite quickly, and nervously, so it was
some what hard for Yosho to understand her. "I, came here so I
could get a place to live and work! I really need one. I know I
told Tenchi that, I lived around here, and was just interested,
but I knew he could take me here, I asked around and someone
pointed him out, to me!" She took a quick intake of breath, and
rattled on. "Really. They did. But, I'll be happy to work around
the Shrine for room and board, and food of course. But I don't
eat a lot. And, well. This shrine did have so many interesting
tales. And you're such a nice man!" she finished breathlessly. 
It is true, that flattery will get you where you need to go.
Yosho patted the girl's arm. "Of course you can Kagami-san. I'm
glad you offered. Now that Tenchi is back in school, I need some
help around the Shrine. I'm getting old. You can stay up here
with me in the Shrine. The residence, is quite full, as of late.
Drop your bag off in the living area over there, and I'll meet
you down at the house for supper." He offered her a grin. "Sasami
makes great food."
"Hai Masaki-sama!" Kagami bowed, and ran off in the direction
indicated. 
"Strange girl," Yosho mused as he began his descent. "However,
there is something about her that goes deeper then normal quirks,
or personality."
Kagami dropped her bag down in the living area of the Shrine,
smiling to herself. "Well, I didn't think he'd be that naive.
Maybe he's gotten old like he said. Or, maybe I'm wrong again.
But somehow I don't think so." Humming quiet tune, Kagami felt
around in her bag, and dropped a small shiny object in the futon
closet. "Always make some tests first, I suppose." Sighing, she
folded her arms behind her head and made for the Masaki's home.
"I wished I didn't have to play such an air head, but no one ever
suspects they know anything." Kagami chuckled to herself.
"Really, they're all quite foolish. It was much to easy to just
show up here." 

~Fin`~