Yokenzu's saga Chapter 2: No Need for New Partners


Part 1-
Kiyone grabs the piece of paper that the judge gave Yokenzu 
and examines it closely.

Kiyone: "It's.It's.. It's IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!!!!"

Yokenzu: "I agree... judge must be on something."

Kiyone: "DON'T TALK ABOUT HIM LIKE THAT!!" 

Yokenzu: "sheesh. you would think that community service is 
a bad thing"

Kiyone: "It is when YOU have to be my new partner."

Yokenzu: "Calm down PARTNER your getting that vein in your 
forehead...again

Kiyone: "First off DON'T EVER CALL ME PARTNER!!"

Yokenzu: "..and?"

Kiyone: "Secondly.some good came out of this I'm your BOSS. 
NOT your partner"

Yokenzu: "oh.crap."

Kiyone: "You just better not try anything funny"

Yokenzu: "Now why would I want to do something like that?"

Kiyone: ".cause you're an immature little brat that loves 
to give me migraines and sometimes is worse than Mihoshi."

Yokenzu: "Your too kind"

Kiyone: "C'mon lets go get your uniform."



Part 2-

Kiyone and Mihoshi are waiting patiently outside the men's 
changing room. Yokenzu walks out wearing a Galaxy 
Policeman's uniform and is obviously upset about it. Kiyone 
begins laughing hysterically.

Yokenzu: "What's so funny?!?!" 
Kiyone: "You!!"

Yokenzu narrows his eyes a bit at Kiyone

Mihoshi: "Hey Yokenzu, you look nice with your uniform on"

Yokenzu: "Thanks Mihoshi, at least SOMEONE is kind"

Kiyone: "Gimme one reason why I should be kind to someone 
who almost got me blown into Space dust 5 times!!"

Yokenzu: "Err umm."

Kiyone: "I don't know HOW you were able to get to keep 
this..."

Kiyone hands Yokenzu his brown leather jacket. He as 
quickly as possible puts it on.

Yokenzu: "better, Much better" smiles and he looks in all 
the pockets

Yokenzu: "wait.where is it!?!" he looks frantically inside 
each of the pockets

Kiyone: "where is what!? Your lock picks set?!"

Yokenzu: "No my lucky crystal" smiles as he pulls out a 
medium size clear blue crystal

Kiyone: "Wait what is that?!" looks at the crystal oddly

Yokenzu: "Its my lucky crystal, I got it when I first 
started scavenging"

Kiyone: "Your going to have to give me that"

Yokenzu: "No way!!"

Kiyone and Yokenzu begin to argue about the crystal

Mihoshi: "(whining) Kiyone let him have it. 

Kiyone: "oh alright.fine" -_-;

Mihoshi & Yokenzu: "yay!"

Kiyone: "lets go now. we gotta go to the Desk Sergeant and 
show him Yokenzu then we can leave"

Kiyone & Mihoshi & Yokenzu go to the Desk Sergeant and they 
receive their newest assignment
Part 3-

Kiyone & Mihoshi & Yokenzu are on the Ugami, while the 
Shingo (Yokenzu's ship) was docked at the Galaxy Police HQ

Kiyone is holding her GP cube looking at some files while 
Mihoshi is talking with Yokenzu

Mihoshi: "Have you ever heard of this new dangerous 
criminal Yokenzu?"

Yokenzu: "Unfortunately yes"

Mihoshi: "huh?"

Yokenzu: "she is.lets just she is one person who I hate to 
be near.even more then Kiyone"

Kiyone: " I heard that"

Yokenzu: "good"


Who could this new person be? Why does our hero, Yokenzu, 
dislike her so much? And will Kiyone ever lose that vein in 
her forehead?

Kiyone: "Shut up Writer!"

Writer: "whoops sorry"

Kiyone: "Better be"

See ya next time for "Yokenzu's saga Chapter 3 No Need for 
Space Witches"


~~~~Written by Yokenzu, Master Space thief and Scavenger~~~

