YOSHO! EPISODE ONE
By nik,
Revised 7-27-99
j.michael@pmail.net

DISCLAIMER!
The characters you are about to read are property of AIC/PIONEER. This
story was not made for profit, so please don't sue me, however this is
my story, so please don't plagiarize.

Author's notes:

What you are about to read is a Tenchi FF set in the OVA universe, it is
set 700 years ago, at the time when Yosho had just landed on Earth. The
only characters in this FF you should be familiar with are Yosho, Ryoko
and Ka...well I'll just keep that last one secret for now.

So, without further a do, let the story begin...

 Y   O   S   H   O   !

The blade sliced through Ryoko's neck. The brilliant beam of blue energy
crackled slightly with an almost electric-like quality, causing Ryoko to
jerk and whelp in pain. The Tenchiken's sword pommel lit up as it
absorbed the Gems from Ryoko, stealing her strength and finally causing
the demon space pirate to collapse. The young Juraian knight closed down
the blade of the Tenchi Sword once the final Gem was taken from Ryoko's
throat. Sitting down on the grassy earth with a sigh of exhaustion,
Yosho looked down at Ryoko's form lying on the ground, and then up
towards the stars, twinkling serenely.
Yosho paid special attention to one star imparticular.

"What now?" Yosho wondered to himself.

EPISODE #1
THE SON RETURNS

Fire and smoke billowed from the trees as the men of the village
desperately tried to put out the fire burning the village.

"Someone go get Masaki! NOW!!" Yelled the disrespectful rancher, Hiro.

"He'll get here as soon as he can!" Replied the stout fisherman, Yuji, a
fish still on the end of his spear from a late night of fishing.

< It's not like the old man didn't see the bolts of fire blasting the
country-side to bits. > Yuji thought to himself.

At that moment Yasunori Masaki, priest of the local shrine and unspoken
head of the village arrived,  running and accompanied by his two daughters.

"Quickly!" The old man shouted. "Get some water to the fire before the
winds come up or the whole forest will go up!" Screamed the old, yet
powerful looking priest.

As the men battled with the fire, Yuji looked down at the foot of the
hill where a strange looking young man was kneeling on the ground. He
held a blade in his hand which disappeared into the hilt as Yuji watched.

"Masaki-dono..." Called Yuji, grabbing the priest's attention. "Who is
that?" He asked, referring to the young man in strange robes and a long
black pony tail.

A small crowd of villagers began to gather at Yuji's discovery.

"I saw him!" Cried Hiro. "He was the one who killed the dragon who
burned our village!"

"It was not a dragon!" Cried a frightened villager. "It was a demon
looking like a woman!"

"He and the dragon fell out of the sky!" Another villager said.

"He saved our village!" Another replied.

"Quiet." Called Masaki. "We will go to the stranger, the rest of you
continue to put out the fire." The men went back to their task, as Yuji,
his best friend Atsushi, and Masaki made their way around the trees
towards the stranger.

***

 The Funaho hovered with a light hum over the treetops, awaiting Yosho's
orders. On the ground below, Yosho held the master key in his hands, his
eyes shut tight. Suddenly, the Gems began to glow slightly as Funaho
materialized as a tree in the ground. The tree levitated Ryoko off the
ground and brought the space pirate closer toward the tree until it
absorbed Ryoko inside itself.
The Gems fell silent as Ryoko became trapped inside the Funaho.

<That should hold you for now.> Yosho thought to himself.

The Funaho asked Yosho a question, causing Yosho to consider it briefly
for a moment.

"No"  Said Yosho. "Don't contact Jurai just yet." He replied. " I need
time to think first."

Funaho spoke again to Yosho.

"Yes, I know that if we stay to long you will take root." Said Yosho
almost depressedly.

Jurai ships lose their power once they take root. Yosho knew this, and
had been thinking about it since he left his planet. Yosho wondered to
himself whether or not he should even return to Jurai...

At that moment Yosho saw that coming over the hill of  the dark forest
was a fat earth native with a fish on the end of a stick. He was
followed by a bald older man in a robe and a taller, slimmer man with a
bad need for a shave.

"Hey, Demon!" Said the tall gangly one, trying to appear brave. "We're
sorry we made you mad but you need to stop burning our village!" He said
in a cowardly voice.

"Uhuu..." Yosho said, not quite knowing what to say.

"WHUFF!" Cried Atsushi, being back-handed in the stomach by Yuji.

"Shut up!" Yuji yelled to Atsushi. "That's not the demon! That's the guy
who killed the demon!" Yuji said.

"Quiet! Both of you!" Said the old man, yelling at Yuji and Atsushi.

Masaki approached Yosho and spoke to him. "Thank you for stopping the
dragon, young man." He said.

Yuji ran up to Yosho and vigorously shook his hand, "Yeah, thanks for
killing that demon mister!" Yuji said to Yosho, still a little
surprised. "Umm,,,Thanks." Said Yosho.

"I am Yuji, and that's my friend Atsushi." Atsushi waved sheepishly at
Yosho.

"Hello." Yosho said.

"And this is Maski-dono." Yuji said. Masaki nodded at the mention of his
name. "What is your name, knight?" The old man asked.

"I'm Yosho. I am sorry that your village was burnt, I didn't mean to
destroy your land."

"Time will heal the village, I am only grateful that you killed the
demon." The priest said sternly. "Will you be taking the other dragons
away with you now?"

"Huh?..." Yosho said. He looked around at the wreck of the Ryo-Ohki, and
his ship the Funaho. ""Oh...well actually I was planning to stay here a
little while longer before I go..."

"Well then, perhaps you will stay at my home while you are here." Masaki
said.

"Thanks, but I should be okay on my own." Yosho said, politely refusing
the generous offer.

"I'd offer you a place at my home if it wasn't fried by your demon."
Said Atsushi, not realizing the insult in his choice of words.

"UUGH!" Yelled Atsushi as Yuji smacked him in the back of the head.
"That's disrespectful! Yuji screamed. "This guy just saved our village!"

Atsushi, growled angrily. "Would you stop hitting me, you fat idiot!"
Yuji punched Atsushi in the stomach and Atsushi bit Yuji in the head.
The two began beating each other senseless, leaving Yosho surprised, but
not Masaki, who was used to seeing the two fight.

"What's going on here?!!" A loud voice boomed from across the hill. The
group stopped and looked up, as a young man came over the hill. He was
totally bald, except for at the base of the back of his head where a
short black pony tail emerged. He held a spade in one hand, a shovel and
bucket in the other hand. The man did not look very happy.

"Seikou." Said Masaki. "This is Yosho. He killed the monster that
attacked the village."

Seikou walked up to Yosho and looked at the Juraian, unimpressed and
almost angrily, he grunted at Yosho.

"He even has his own dragon!" Yelled Yuji, staring at the Funaho still
hovering over the trees behond the next hill.

"*Ghaaa!*" Gasped Atsushi, just now noticing the ship. "He's got a
dragon!" Atsushi yelled covering his head in fear.

"It's not really a dragon, it's my ship." Yosho said.

 Atsushi and Yuji stared up at the marvelous sight and gaped in awe.

"Hrmph...well your 'ship' just destroyed my fields!" Seikou said.

"It wasn't my ship that burnt your village." Said Yosho, showing no
anger towards Seikou's accusation. "But I am sorry for the damage to
your land." He offered.

"Well you brought it here, so I suggest that you fix what you have burnt!"

"Seikou!" Yelled Masaki. "That is no way to treat a guest of our
village." He explained.

 Seikou fell silent, a sour look on his face.

Several men fromthe village started their way over the hill to meet
Masaki. Seikou went to yell at them while Atsushi and Yuji climbed on
top of one of the pillars of the Ryo-Ohki, exploring it's contents.

Yosho sighed as he looked around...Seikou yelling at the workers, fire
still burning the hill a mile or so away, and Atsushi screaming as he
falls down a hole in the wreck of the Ryo-ohki. His mother's planet had
not impressed him very much so far. He felt maybe things could go better
back on Jurai than here. Making up his mind he decided to go tell Funaho
to contact Jurai.

"Excuse me Masaki-dono, I will be back in a moment." Said Yosho. He
turned to leave...

"Father..." A soft voice called.

 Hearing the angelic voice, Yosho turned back around and felt his eyes
widen.

"The fire is out, at least in our village, luckily the damage wasn't too
bad..." Said a beautiful young girl in a lavender kimono.

Masaki replied to the girl. "Good. I'm glad it didn't get as far as the
shrine." He said.

The girl gracefully made her way down the hill with a group of the
villagers. Yosho stared at her intensley. She was the first woman he had
ever seen that looked and reminded him so much of his mother. On Jurai
no one looked like his mother did. His mother was very beatiful with her
long black hair, brown eyes and her beautiful face, which was shaped
different from the women on Jurai. He could use the same discription on
the woman who stood before him.

Yosho caught himself staring at the girl and looked away briefly at the
old priest.

"Mariko..." The old man said. "This is Yosho, he killed the demon... he
will be staying with us for a while I hope, eh, Yosho?"

Yosho looked at the priest... and then at Mariko's lovely face smiling
at him... and then at the tree Funaho...

"Yes!" He replied. "I would be honored!"

"Good! I'll have a room readied for you!" Replied Masaki, happy with
Yosho's decision to stay.

The villagers began to crowd around Yosho asking him questions about his
heroic deeds, and marvelling at his ship. Masaki's younger daughter,
Naoko, walked up to the crowd, she was only a year younger than her
sister and was also very beautiful, she wore her hair in an elegant
style for those old days unlike most of the villagers and her older
sister, but still she felt jealous of her sister, who was very charming
and had caught the heart of the entire village with her smile.

Naoko looked at Yosho, staring at the hero who had saved the village,
his kind eyes and handsome features definitely did not escape her
notice. She listened as the crowd continued with their questions until
Masaki quieted their curiosity.

"Allright, let's get back to the village everyone, you can ask Yosho
everything you want to know when we get back to town." He yelled.
"Atsushi! Yuji! Get over here!"

Yuji, bending over the hole in which Atsushi fell into, yelled back.
"Uh... be there in a second!"

Atsushi, trapped in the the pitch black hole, cried to Yuji. "I can't
see anything!!!"

"Just get up here...FAST before the old man beats us to death!" Yuji cried.

Atsushi replied. "But I can't...oh, wait I see something!" Said Atsushi,
noticing a peculiar glow in the darkness. "It's a blue sparkling light!"
Atsushi grabbed the Ryo-Ohki's main power cord that was giving off the
light..."AHHHHHHHEEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWW!!!!!!!!!" Yuji
covered his eyes for a moment as the once black room lit up with
flashing white light And then the light died out.

Moments later, Atsushi crawled out from the pit, extra crispy,
blackened, and giving off smoke fumes."Ooooowwww." The burnt Atsushi
cried.

Yuji cringed at the sight of the scorched Atsushi, then started to laugh
at him.

 Atsushi grabed his chubby friend's neck, choking him, causing Yuji to
choke back. "ATSUSHI! YUJI! GET BACK HERE NOW!!" Cried Masaki. The two
friends scrambled to their feet cringing at the old man's wrath and
started to run back to the village.

Inside Ryoko's ship, a red sphere illuminated the darkness...

***

Yosho walked back to the village alongside Mariko and several other
villagers, including Naoko who stared at Yosho most of her trip back to
the village.

< She's beautiful. > Yosho thought to himself as he looked at Mariko.

"I take it you're not from around here." Mariko said to Yosho.

 Yosho smiled at her observation. "No. I'm not." He said. "My mother
lived here once though."

Suddenly a young girl of about 10 years popped her head out from the
other side of Mariko. The girl was hiding somewhat behind Mariko's left
leg, and was so small, Yosho had not noticed her until that moment.

"Did you really ride out of the sky on a dragon?" The little girl asked
inquisitively.

"Something like that." Yosho replied to the little girl, smiling.

"I was real worried that our house would burn down when I saw the
village was on fire." Yumi said with a very cute tone in her voice,
causing Yosho and Mariko  to smile.

Stroking the little girl's short hair and face, Mariko explained the
girl to Yosho. "Little Yumi here lives with my family near father's shrine."

"Is that where I will be staying?" Yosho asked.

"Yes." Mariko replied.

"Is that where you will be staying?" Yosho asked casually.

Mariko paused shortly and smiled. "Yes."  She said.

"Who else lives in your house?"

"Just a few servants, my father and my sister,  but often members of my
father's family drop by and stay for a while."

"And of course there's little Yumi." Mariko said, causing Yumi to look
up and smile at the mention of her name.

"You don't have a husband living at your father's house." Yosho asked, a
bead of sweat forming at the back of his head.

"No, I'm not married." Mariko said, grinning.

"Although some people would like me otherwise." She added under her breath.
Mariko looked off at Seikou, walking in front of her, Seikou noticed
that Mariko was looking his way and turned his head around, excitedly
giving Mariko a wide-eyed smile.

Mariko quickly turned her head away towards Yosho.

"Your mother must be a busy woman." Said Yosho.

Mariko's voice lowered. "My mother died several years ago."

"Oh...I'm sorry, I didn't realize...."

"It's okay, my mother is gone, but you can't dwell on the loss of a
loved one forever."

Yosho, sensing he had touched a painful area, changed the subject.

"Uhh... you said you had a sister?"

"Yes, my sister Naoko, she's right over there." Mariko said nodding
towards Naoko.

Naoko, hearing her introduction, quickly walked over to Yosho and Mariko.

"I thank you for your help, Lord Yosho." Said Naoko, eagerly. "And am
glad you will be staying with us while you are at our village." She added.

"Well, I thank you  for letting me to stay at your home." Said Yosho.

Naoko stared into Yosho's eyes for what seemed like forever, which was
fine with her. She wished that she could stare into his eyes forever,
but she soon found that Yosho had already turned his head away...towards
her sister...

Naoko's face saddened, her mouth dropped slightly.

Naoko wasn't the only one to notice that Yosho and Mariko were getting
along rather well, Seikou watched the two talking to one another. Seikou
gritted his teeth and growled, his face growing redder by the second
with jealousy.

Just then Atsushi and Yuji quickly sped by, panting and running as fast
as they could. Yuji ran into Seikou knocking him to the ground.

"Hey, watch it!" Seikou yelled angrily, then suddenly realizing he had
been knocked into a big pile of horse crap. <This hasn't been my day.>
Seikou thought to himself.

The group continued on their way back to the village, Mariko and Yosho
talked the entire trip back.

***

The village was still smoking by the time the group arrived. As the
villagers returning to the town surveyed the damage, none of the
townspeople noticed that one house was still billowing black smoke...

Atsushi and Yuji walked up to one of the more torched houses that had
been reduced to ash.

"Well, there goes Dad's house, what's that make, three so far this
year?" Said Atsushi, without a trace of humor.

"Yep." Replied Yuji, humorlessly.

Mariko looked at the scorched pieces of earth where the Ryo-ohki had
blasted the village trying to escape capture by Yosho. Mariko looked as
a stone house which had stood for one hundred years now, had been
blasted into oblivion. Yosho approached her from behind and joined her.

Mariko bent down and picked up a stone from the ruined house.

"Oh my..." Mariko said. "This will give us something to do for the next
few weeks."

"I wish I could have stopped this..." Said Yosho. "I didn't intend for
her to go this far." He paused. "I'm sorry."

Mariko, still kneeling over the broken house of stone, spoke to Yosho.
""You didn't mean for this to happen?" She said.

"No." Yosho answered curiously.

"And you couldn't stop this from happening?"

"No."

Mariko turned her head around. "Then this isn't your fault. And there's
nothing to forgive." Mariko smiled.

Yosho looked curiously at the girl, considering her comments.

***

The Seikou house was the fanciest and largest house in the village. It
sat in the center of the town and stood three stories high with a large
camilla tree. On the left side of the house. The Seikou family were the
richest people the town had to offer. The family gained its wealth from
the fact that it owned a fourth of the farmland in the village. Although
very wealthy, half of the family lived on a farm at the edge of the
village, the other half, consisting of Kobayashi Seikou, his wife, the
town matchmaker, Rumiko Seikou, their cat chibi, and the eldest member
of the family, Grandfather Seikou, lived in the Seikou house in the
center of town.

Unfortunately for the Seikou family in the big house, all the members of
the family slept like logs, and didn't awake with the rest of the
village. They also didn't notice that their house was on fire...

***

Seikou walked up to Mariko and Yosho, who were still standing over the
pile of rocks.

"Lady Mariko, no one was killed in the attack." Seikou said. Seikou
never called ANYONE by title except Mariko and Shrinemaster Masaki.

"Good, did you tell my father?" Mariko said.

"Yes, he's coming this way right now..." Seikou stopped in mid-sentence
and looked at Yosho. "...to take you back to the shrine." He said almost
angrily.

"Very well then... oh, and Seikou..." Seikou looked up. "Your uncle does
know his horse stable was destroyed, right?" Mariko said.

"Probably, odds are he's screaming profanities at anyone unfortunate
enough to be around him and getting yelled at by his wife..." Said Seikou.

Seikou looked around the village for his uncle and aunt.

"Say... where is Uncle Kobayashi?" Seikou said.

***

Inside the Seikou house, chibi the cat ran up the stairs and pawed open
the screen entrance to the master bedroom. Inside, Rumiko Seikou slept
on the floor, snoring loudly,  a mask over her eyes so she could get her
"beauty sleep". Unfortunately nothing short of a long-term coma would
improve her looks. Mrs. Seikou weighed at least 250, and usually wore a
large pink dress, which was a cross between a moo-moo and a kimono, to
sleep.

Chibi the cat came up to Mrs. Seikou and pawed her face franticly,
trying to wake her. Mrs.Seikou, annoyed at being bothered by the cat,
smacked it across the room, slamming it into the wall. The cat got back
up and looked down the hall to see the flames racing up the stairs. The
cat growled visciously and climed on top of Mrs. Seikou. Chibi
visciously bit the matchmaker's arm.

"AAAAAAEEEEEEEEEIIII!!!" Mrs. Seikou screamed. She looked at the cat and
grabbed it by the throat, but stopped when she noticed the flames and
smoke covering the house. She dropped the cat to the ground and screamed
again, only much louder.

***

"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" The scream broke through the village filling
the townspeople's ears, catching Yosho, Mariko and Seikou's attention.

"What was that?" Yosho asked.

"EEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!" The scream rang out again.

 The group looked down the road where the Seikou house was billowing
black smoke.

Yosho took off running towards the house.

"Damnit!" Cursed Seikou. Mariko and Seikou took off after Yosho. The
villagers also ran towards the Seikou house.

Inside the house, Mrs. Seikou was screaming. "Wake up you fool! We're
gonna die!" Mrs. Seikou grabbed her husband by the shoulders and tried
to wake him.

"Mmm... shut up will ya? I'm sleeping." Kobayashi said.

"Kobayashi, you idiot! The house is on fire! Wake up!" Mrs, Seikou yelled.

Mr. Seikou woke up at the word of fire burning his house down, he looked
down the hall and noticed his wife was correct.  His eyes went wide.

"WHOAH!" "RUMI, THE HOUSE IS ON FIRE!"

"I KNOW THAT, YOU IDIOT!!" Screamed Mrs. Seikou.

The couple slammed open the screen window to their bedroom, breaking it
against the wall. Seeing villagers flocking towards the house, they
screamed to let the town know they were still inside.

"HELP US! WE'RE TRAPPED!" Yelled Mr. Seikou.

"WATER! GET WATER! FAST!" Ordered a villager.

Several of the men ran off with buckets to the creek on the east side of
town, including Yuji and Atsushi.

Yosho arrived at the waiste-high gate surrounding the Seikou house. A
villager had already arrived at the door, throwing it open quickly. As
soon as he opened it, a burst of fire shot out from inside the house,
knocking the villager to the ground. The yard instantly went up in
flames, causing Yosho to sheild his eyes.
>From where he was standing he could see the Seikous climbing to the top
of the blue shingeled roof.

Through the black smoke, Yosho could see the Seikous franticly searching
for a way down.

"HURRY IT UP! WE'RE GONNA BURN TO DEATH" Yelled Mr. Seikou.

<They're going to die if they don't get off that roof.> Thought Yosho.

Yosho looked around for a way to get to the top of the roof. His eyes
narrowed as he  saw that a gutter ran from the top of the roof to the
floor. Yosho jumped through the fire and grabbed onto the gutter,
climbing his way to the roof.

Mariko and Seikou arrived at the gate.

"YOSHO!" Yelled Mariko.

***

Atsushi arrived at the creek before anyone else. Looking around and
seeing no one in sight, hedipped his bucket into the water and allowed
it time to fill.

*RUMBLE*

The sound of roaring footsteps of the villagers filled the air, Atsushi
payed little attention to it. A storm of villagers raced to the spot
where Atsushi was filling his bucket one large villager ran right into
Atsushi, knocking him into the creek.

*AAAAHHH!!" Atsushi screamed.

He looked up to see a large group of people filling their buckets,
paying no attention to the fact that he had been knocked into the creek.
The men filled their buckets and left for the Seikou house. A moment
later Yuji came by with his bucket.

"Hey, get out of there and start toting water!" Screamed Yuji.

"Rrrh..." Growled Atsushi.

The two filled their buckets and ran back to the village.

***

Kobayashi Seikou watched as the fire crept up the right side of the
house and onto the roof.

"We're gonna get cooked if we stay up here much longer." He said.

Looking down to the ground he saw his father lying in a hammock in the
back yard, the flames not twenty feet away.

"DAD!" He yelled.

The old man didn't wake up, he just continued snoring away.

"WAKE UP YOU OLD FOOL!" Said Kobayashi.

The old man still didn't stir.

Mr. Seikou growled. < Fine! Let him sleep! > He thought.

*FWOOSH!!*

Mr. Seikou looked back to see the fire growing closer. His wife screamed.

"WE'VE GOT TO GET OFF HERE, NOW!" She screamed.

*UUGH!*

The Seikous heard a small grunt and turned around towards the front of
the house. Yosho pulled himself up onto the roof.

"ABOUT TIME!" Said Mr. Seikou, shading his eyes from the smoke.

Yosho got to his feet and looked at the people who were trapped on the
roof, a mean looking middle-aged man, a large poofy-haired woman with a
mustache in a moo-moo, and a small cat.

Yasunori Masaki arrived at the gate to the house where he found his
daughters, looking through the smoke, trying to get a look at the people
trapped on the roof.

"What happened?!" Masaki yelled.

"The house must not have been checked for fire!" Naoko yelled.

"Is there anyone inside?"

"Yes! As far as we can tell Seikou-san and his wife are on the roof!
Yosho is up there now trying to get them down!" Said Mariko.

The old man squinted his eyes, trying to catch a glimpse of Yosho and
the Seikous.

"If they don't get off now, they'll be burned alive." He said grimly.

At that moment the village men came and started to throw the buckets of
water into the fire, but at the rate the fire was going, Yosho would be
dead by the time they had the fire out.

"HURRY IT UP!" Yelled Seikou. "THE HOUSE WILL COLLAPSE IF WE WAIT MUCH
LONGER!"

Atsushi ran as fast as he couldspilling the contents of the bucket as he
ran. He approached the flaming house and readied himself.

"TAKE THIS!" He yelled. Unfortunately, all the water had sloshed out of
the bucket while he had been running.

*Huh?* He said.

Seikou grabbed Atsushi by the shirt.

"STOP BEING SO STUPID AND GET THE DAMN WATER!!" Seikou yelled.

***

Shielding his eyes from the smoke, Yosho yelled to the Seikous."Come on,
we can go down this drainage pipe!"

Yosho and the Seikous ran over to the pipe but when they arrived a wall
of fire rose up from the font of the house when it went back down
somewhat, the pipe had fallen off the side of the house. They looked
down as villagers frantically tried to put out the fire with water
buckets. The fire died down somewhat.

"YAAAAAAAAAYYYY!!"  The villagers cheered.

*FWOOOOSH!!!!!!!!!!!* The house suddenly went up, flaming even higher
than before. The villagers face-faulted.

Yosho and the Seikous formed beads of sweat on the back of their heads.

Mr. Seikou looked down as the villagers vainly tried to put out the
fire...and then to Yosho looking around for a way out...

Yuji went around the back side of the house and held up his arms.

"HEY! UP ON THE ROOF! COME'ON! JUMP! I'LL CATCH YOU!" Screamed Yuji.

Yosho looked at Yuji as if he were crazy.

"Come on, let's go!" Yelled Mr. Seikou as he jumped off the three story
high roof.

*THUD!*

Mr. Seikou fell right through Yuji's open arms, and onto the ground.
Yuji still held his arms in the air, as he looked down at Mr.Seikou's
bruised form.

"OKAY, YOUR TURN!" He yelled.

Yosho and Mrs. Seikou looked at each other and sweated.

*FWOOM!"

The fire spread quickly through the back yard, causing Yuji to scream,
and run away, carrying Mr. Seikou with him.

*CR-CR-CRACK!!!!!!!!!*

Yosho looked as a pillar that held the house up snapped, almost breaking
and causing the house to collapse.

The villagers panicked and hurried faster that ever before as they knew
the house was about to go under. Down on the ground the Masaki family
watched in horror.

"YOSHOOO!" Yelled Mariko.

Up on the roof, Yosho looked around for a way down. He saw that a huge
branch from the camilla tree was close enough to reach if they jumped.

"COME ON!" Yelled Yosho to Mrs. Seikou. Yosho grabbed her arm and drug
her to the left side of the house.

"AAAHH!" Mrs. Seikou yelled.

"Come on, we'll have to jump." He said indicating the tree.

"ARE YOU CRAZY??!! WE WON'T MAKE IT!" She yelled.

"Yes we will, but we have to go now!"

"UH-UH, I'M NOT GOING!" She wailed.

*FWOOM*

"IT'S GONNA CAVE IN!" Seikou screamed.

The fire raised again, in a few seconds, the house would collapse.
Picking up Mrs. Seikou and throwing her over his shoulder, Yosho took a
few steps back for a running start.

"AAAAH!! PUT ME DOWWWWWWN!" Mrs. Seikou said.

Yosho ran as hard as he could towards the edge of the roof, lugging the
screaming Mrs. Seikou and chibi, the cat with him, he reached the edge
and jumped with all his strength.

*HUFF!!" Grunted Yosho as he flew through the air.

*CRRRRRRRR-ACKKKKKK!!!!!!* The support beams of the house finally caved
in while Yosho flew through the air, causing the second and third floor
to merge with the first.

Yasunori, Seikou, Naoko, Mariko, Yumi, Atsushi, Yuji, and the rest of
the village watched as Yosho leaped into the night sky.

"EEEEEEEIIIII!!" Yelled Mrs. Seikou.

*UUHN!* Yosho grunted as he landed on the large branch, much to the
surprise of the villagers, most of whom thought the two would come
crashing to the ground.

"Uh... uh, a, ha, ha, ha, ha! WE'RE ALIVE!" Yelled Mrs. Seikou with
excitement.

"We aren't safe yet!" Yelled Yosho. Looking down to the ground Mrs.
Seikou saw that the wreckage of the house had covered the base of the
tree...and was still on fire...to make things worse, the fire was
travelling up the tree. Yosho and Mrs. Seikou climbed up a few branches
to escape the fire.

"JUST GREAT! NOW WE'RE NOT GONNA DIE ON THE ROOF, WE'RE GONNA DIE IN
THIS TREE!" Mrs. Seikou Screamed.

The villagers continued pouring buckets of water onto the fire, almost
putting out the fire from the wreckage, but still the fire made it's way
up the tree.

"THEY'RE TRAPPED!" Little Yumi screamed, She hid her face in Mariko's
kimono. Mariko put her hand on the little girl's head.

"SOMEBODY DO SOMETHING!" Atsushi yelled.

Up in the tree Yosho was trying to come up with a way out.

"OH GOD... WE'RE GONNA FRY! AAAAAHH!" Mrs. Seikou  cried.

"We're not gonna die, come on." Yosho took Mrs. Seikou by the hand and
led her to the largest branch in the tree. The branch hung over the
street, away from the fire, but was far too high for Mrs. Seikou to
safely jump from. Yosho could have been able to make it, but was not
about to let Mrs. Seikou die in the tree.

"Get as far away from the center of the tree as possible." Yosho said to
Mrs. Seikou.

Mrs. Seikou complied and made her way to the edge of the branch.

"Okay! Now what?" Said Mrs. Seikou.

Mrs. Seikou looked over to Yosho, who pulled something out of his shirt.
Yosho held the Tenchiken in his hand. A blue blade materialized from the
hilt. He lowered the blade down to the branch he and Mrs. Seikou were
standing on...

"Hold on."

Mrs. Seikou's eyes widened.

The villagers saw the blade in Yosho's hands.

"Oh, no, DON'T!" Mrs. Seikou said.

Yosho raised the blade over his head...

"AAAAAAAHHH! GET OUT OF THE WAY!!!!!!!!!"

Yosho brought the Tenchiken down, cutting the tree in half, and slicing
the branch  off from the body of the tree.

*K-K-KRRRRRRRAAACCCCCKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*

"AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!" The villagers screamed.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!" Mrs. Seikou screamed.

The villagers down below scrambled to get away as the tree branch came
crashing down to the earth,followed by the other half of the tree,
smashing the gate high into the air and shaking the ground, the force of
which knocked the villagers to the ground.

*FWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!*

The tree made a loud crashing noise as it hit the ground. The wind
created by the falling tree instantly put out the fire.

For a moment, the entire village fell silent, as a matter of fact, the
whole countryside seemed completly silent...

The tree leaves covered the place where the house had burned down,
hiding Yosho and Mrs. Seikou from the villagers sight.

Mariko, knocked to the ground when the tree had fallen, looked back at
the smoldering wreck.

"Yosho?" Mariko asked.

Still, no one could see if they had survived the fall...

*Uuhhhg...* A noise sounded from the tree.

The leaves rustled as Mrs. Seikou stuck out her head.

"Uuuuuhhh..." She groaned with stars in her eyes, her mustache smoking
and sizziling slightly. A few seconds later she passed out.

Yosho pulled half of his body up out of the mass of tree limbs and
leaves. Looking around, he saw the entire village staring at him in silence.

"Mmmm...Hey!" Old man Seikou said, rising from his hammock. "Quit making
so much noise!!!!"

"Kids these days..."

***

Yosho found the floor of the Masaki house to be the most comfortable bed
he had ever been in. Perhaps it was do to the fact that he had never
been so tired in his life. Yosho had had a very busy day. He reflected
on the days events, chasing Ryoko to Earth, defeating her in combat,
saving two earthlings from death, and Mariko...

<Yes.> He thought.

<Maybe Earth will turn out better after all.>

END EPISODE ONE.

Life is so full of hurry and hustle
Sometimes I think it's passing us by
The days are like hours, hours like minutes
I'm caught up in it 'till I look in your eyes
And to my surprise I find there is a heaven
Timeless and real, making me feel free and alive

You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
I'm on a rocket to some other zone
Baby, you thrill me - whatever you're doing
Don't think of stopping until we are light-years away
All alone... 'cause I want to keep this
Treasure for my very own
Your talent for love

You touch me, you kiss me, and time has no meaning
I'm on a rocket to some other zone
Baby, you thrill me - whatever you're doing
Don't think of stopping until we are light-years away
All alone... 'cause I want to keep this
Treasure for my very own
Your talent for love

PREVIEW OF NEXT EPISODE:

An unidentified girl with short black hair screaming something.

A red glowing sphere of energy in Atsushi and Yuji's hands.

The same girl from above, only shocked and naked.

Mariko saying something.

Yosho, Mariko, the girl, Atsushi and Yuji racing downhill through a forest.

Horses carrying several men into a village.

A large explosion.

A river of trees flowing down a mountain in a landslide.

A man in dark clothing, smiling wickedly.

***

This was my first time writing TENCHI MUYO! or any other type of
fanfiction. I would like to hear your comments and criticism, you can
e-mail me at j.michael@pmail.net. I was inspired to write this after
reading such wonderful fanfics as RYOKO'S LOVE, so I sat down and wrote
a story called ACHIKA! But as I wrote it I realized that for the story
to work, you really needed to know what happened to Katsuhito. (
shameless plug ) So maybe one day I will finally be able to tell my
story about Achika that was based on the Naoko Hasegawa novels.
I wrote this episode because I felt that Yosho got the shaft on the
fanfiction side. I also noted that no one ever wrote about what happened
to Yosho when he got to Earth. I am trying to make this feel as much
like the original OVA as possible, so bear with me.

Btw, if anyone was wondering where I got the names for the characters...

Naoko- Naoko Hasegawa, writer of the "true" TM! novels, as well as the
first 6 OVA and TM! Manatsu no Eve.

Mariko- A name on a tombstone I remember seeing as a young lad.

Yuji- The US producer of TM! MnE.

Seikou- Seikou Nagaoka Composer of many TM! themes including the OVA
1-6 opening.

Atsushi- Atsushi Takeuchi, nimation director for TM! OVA

Yasunori- The name of a feudal lord in ancient Japan.

Yumi- An old friend of mine.

Ryoko- Uh...Ryoko, dumbass.

Kobayashi- Name of a character from GODZILLA RAIDS AGAIN

Rumiko- Rumiko Takahashi, name of the wonderful lady who created URUSEI
YATSURA
