Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo or the song "You Sang To Me". Tenchi 
Muyo belongs to AIC/Pioneer and "You Sang To Me" belongs to Marc Anthony.

A/N: This story is based in the OAV series, right after "Here Comes The Jurai 
II". 




You Sang To Me


Tenchi Masaki woke up one morning to the sounds of fighting going on 
downstairs in the living room caused by none other than Ayeka and Ryoko. He 
was used to it by now. It was becoming more like routine for him everyday. He 
wished that it would stop, but it was partly his fault because he didn't want 
to say whom he loved. Oh and how much he loved her! It hurt him so much that 
he was too scared to tell her, due to the fact that he didn't want to hurt 
the other girl in the process. He sighed and got dressed for breakfast.

As soon as he was down there, Ryoko was all over him, whispering unspeakable 
material into his ear, while Ayeka was trying to pry her off of him. 

Tenchi sighed inwardly. 'Another normal day. Go figure.'

Tenchi sat down for breakfast in between Ayeka and Ryoko. It was torture for 
him to be that close to the woman he loved, while he had to restrain himself 
from grabbing her and kissing her.

After he was done eating breakfast, he walked out to the fields to go to 
work. He picked up his plow, with one thought on his mind before he went to 
work, 'How did an angel like her fall in love with me when she could of had 
someone much better?' He then put that thought to rest and began to work.

After breakfast, Ayeka Jurai went to her room to comb her hair. She looked in 
the mirror and saw that the fights between her and Ryoko were going too far. 
Her kimono was full of soot and her usually long, neat, and silky hair was 
out of place. She shook her head and sighed.

'I should speak with Ryoko before this gets too much out of hand,' thought 
Ayeka as she grabbed her brush from her dresser and began to straighten out 
her hair.

During the same time, Ryoko Hakubi was sitting on the roof and looking at the 
sky in her own soot filled dress. She was also tired of fighting with Ayeka 
and she wanted the fighting to stop too.

'If Tenchi would just make up his mind, this would all be over by now, but of 
course he has to be a gentleman and be overly protective of our feelings. 
Well, Tenchi Masaki, it's hurting us more by not knowing then it would be to 
know. I should speak to Ayeka about this when I get a chance,' thought Ryoko 
as she continued to look at the sky.

At that moment, Tenchi Masaki had just come home from working on the fields. 
He went to his room to rest for a bit.

As he lied down on his bed, thoughts of choosing flooded his mind again.

'Why can't I just be honest with them? Why do I have to be such a damn 
coward? I love her and yet, I don't even have the courage to tell her! I'm 
afraid of hurting the other one if I say a word, but I'm hurting myself by 
not being able to hold her! I wish that my life was the way it was before at 
times, but if I had that wish come true, she wouldn't be here anymore. The 
only thing that I do want is that I wish that my life were less complex. 
Argh! I should just get these thoughts out of my head and relax before I 
become sour. I'll just deal with it later,' thought Tenchi as he drifted off 
to sleep.

At the same time, Ayeka and Ryoko were both watching soap operas in living 
room. Ryoko was spread out on the couch, while Ayeka was sitting in a chair. 
Once their show was over they both just sat there.

'I should talk to her now,' thought Ayeka.

'I might as well get this over with,' thought Ryoko. Ryoko was just about to 
open her mouth when Ayeka beat her to it.

"Listen, Ryoko. Don't you think that this fighting of ours has gone on too 
long and too far?" asked Ayeka.

"I was gonna say the same thing and, well, yeah, I do believe so," said 
Ryoko.

"Do you have any ideas of how to stop this mundane fighting?" asked Ayeka.

"Well.I was thinking that we could use the direct approach," said Ryoko.

"What do you mean?" asked Ayeka.

"I mean, why don't we be a little straightforward to Tenchi," said Ryoko.

"How so?" asked Ayeka.

"Why don't we just go up to him and tell him to choose," said Ryoko.

"Brilliant, Einstein. There's just one problem. What if he doesn't know whom 
he loves?" asked Ayeka, while rolling her eyes.

"I didn't mean right away. I meant that he should tell us by the end of this 
day, or sooner if he wishes," said Ryoko.

"That's sounds reasonable," said Ayeka.

"I sure hope that it is. We've lived here for five years now, Ayeka. Don't 
you think that we have the right to know?" asked Ryoko.

"On that, Ryoko, I will agree with you on," said Ayeka.

"Now, all we have to do is corner Tenchi when he comes back down," said 
Ryoko.

"That's all?" asked Ayeka.

"That's all," confirmed Ryoko.

"I hope that this works, Ryoko," said Ayeka.

"You're not the only one," said Ryoko.

At that very moment, Tenchi was coming downstairs. The girls noticed and 
walked over to the very bottom of the staircase and waited for him. Tenchi 
and had very confused look on his face.

"Hey. What's going on?" he asked, suspiciously.

"Tenchi, why don't you come down here and come with us into the living room. 
We need to talk to you," Ryoko said seriously.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi. We do indeed need to speak to you," said Ayeka.

Tenchi just shrugged and walked with them into the living room and sat down 
on the couch, while Ayeka and Ryoko remained standing.

"Okay, girls. What did you need to talk about with me?" he asked.

"Well, we would like you to tell us your choice," said Ayeka.

"Huh?" said a confused Tenchi.

"Who do you love, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked bluntly.

"I.I." stuttered Tenchi.

"You what?" asked Ryoko.

"Don't you two have anything better to do?" asked Tenchi.

The two of them looked at each other and said, "Nope."

"Great," muttered Tenchi.

"Listen, Tenchi. We've been here for five years now. How much longer do you 
think that either of will wait for you?" asked Ryoko.

Tenchi remained silent. It had come down to this. The girls were going to 
leave him if he didn't say anything and that meant that he would lose the one 
that he truly did love.

"Could you at least tell us if you do love one of us or not at all?" asked 
Ayeka, trying to comprise with his royally dense brain.

"I guess I could do that," said Tenchi.

"Well," Ayeka pressed on.

"Yes," said Tenchi. "I do love one of you two."

"Tenchi, then why don't you say who it is? Doesn't hurt you as well?" asked 
Ryoko.

Tenchi gave Ryoko a wry smile. "Yes, Ryoko. It does."

"Then say something," Ayeka persisted.

Tenchi looked hesitant and said, "I don't want to hurt either one of you."

"Lord Tenchi, you are hurting us more by not speaking up," said Ayeka.

"Is that true?" he asked, while looking at the both of them.

They both nodded and he sighed. He looked back up at them and said, "Will you 
two be willing to give me some time, well, at least for today?"

They both nodded again and then he got up. He looked at them both and said, 
"I'll tell you sometime during this very day. I just need to know how I'm 
going to put it into words of just how much I love this person."

Ayeka and Ryoko both blushed when he said that. He smiled at them and then 
went to the shrine to practice with his grandfather. Once he was gone, both 
girls collapsed on the couch with anxious feelings boiling inside of them.

'Tonight, he will tell me that he loves me!' they both thought.

At that point, they both got up off of the couch and went their separate 
ways. They did not have lunch that day, since Sasami wasn't feeling too well, 
so whoever was hungry just ordered take out. They would have to do they same 
thing for dinner, since Nobuyuki wouldn't be around at that time. Tenchi's 
father was the only other one who knew how to cook in the house. He had also 
made breakfast that morning.

At the shrine, Tenchi was performing horribly. He was too busy concentrating 
on what Ryoko and Ayeka had said to him. His grandfather knocked him over so 
many times in that one day.

"Tenchi," said Yosho.

"Yes, grandpa?" asked Tenchi.

"What is wrong with you? Your skills have never been this horrible," said 
Yosho.

"I know. I'm just thinking about Ayeka and Ryoko," Tenchi admitted.

"Ah. Are you going to make your decision soon?" asked Yosho.

"Grandpa, I've already had my decision made up a long time ago," said Tenchi. 
"I just was so scared to tell her because I didn't want to hurt the other 
girl."

"I have a feeling that I know who you chose. Any regrets?" asked Yosho.

"None whatsoever, grandpa," said Tenchi with a small smile.

"Good. I'm glad to hear it. She makes a good match for you Tenchi," said 
Yosho.

"Thank you, grandpa," said Tenchi.

"Well, we are done for the day. Tell her as soon as possible, Tenchi," said 
Yosho as he walked back inside the shrine building.

Tenchi didn't say anything, but ran off to his house and room. Once he did 
reach his room, he grabbed a piece of paper and a pen and started to write 
down exactly what he was going to say to his one true love.

Evening was nearing and so was dinnertime. Everyone ordered take out and 
watched television as they ate. Once they were done, they all cleaned up 
after themselves and went to bed.

'Lord Tenchi, I thought that you were going to tell us tonight,' thought 
Ayeka, while she sat down in her room.

'Why didn't you say anything, Tenchi?' Ryoko wondered as she sat upon the 
rafters in the living room.

Tenchi was in his room, finishing up the last few phrases to his speech. Once 
he was done it was already 1am. He sighed, knowing now that it was too late. 
As he was about ready to go to bed, he heard her voice singing. Knowing that 
she was awake, he ran downstairs as fast as he could to find her.

Once he did get downstairs, he noticed that she wasn't anywhere in the house, 
so he checked outside only to find her on the front steps of the house 
looking more beautiful than ever before. He walked up to her and sat down 
right next to her."

"Hey," he said, casually.

"Oh! Hi! What are you doing here at this hour? I thought that you would be 
asleep," she said.

"How can I sleep when I have you on my mind?" he asked with a grin.

She blushed and smiled at him. "No, really. Why did you come down here?"

"Well, I heard you singing. You sound just as beautiful as you look," he 
said.

"I never knew that you liked my voice," she said, blushing even harder than 
before.

"I love your voice. It's one of the most beautiful things that I've ever 
heard," he said with a smile as he put his arms around her and held her 
close.

He looked down to see his beloved crying and smiling at that same time. She 
looked up to him and asked, "Do you love me?"

Tenchi just nodded and pressed his lips up against hers. They held onto that 
embrace for what seemed like forever.

'She tastes so sweet,' he thought.

'He loves me! He actually loves me!' she thought, gleefully.

Once they pulled away from the kiss, Tenchi didn't let go of her. He wanted 
to hold her as much as possible from now on.     

"My love?" he said.

"Yes, darling?" she asked.

"I want to read something to you. Actually I want to sing it to you," he 
said.

"You wrote me a song?" she asked, happily.

"Yes, but only the words, but I do have a melody figured out in my head. This 
song is just something I wrote so that I could express how I truly felt about 
you when I finally said it," said Tenchi.

"Go on then. Sing it!" she ordered.

"Okay, then. Here goes," said Tenchi as he opened his mouth to sing. 

I just wanted you to comfort me
When I called you late last night you see
I was fallin' into love
Oh yes, I was crashin' into love
Oh of all the words you sang to me
About life, the truth and bein' free yea
You sang to me, oh how you sang to me
Girl I live off how you make me feel
So I question all this bein' real
Cuz I'm not afraid to love
For the first time I'm not afraid of love

Oh, this day seems made for you and me
And you showed me what life needs to be
Yea you sang to me, oh you sang to me

Chorus

All the while you were in front of me I never realized
I jus' can't believe I didn't see it in your eyes
I didn't see it, I can't believe it
Oh but I feel it
When you sing to me
How I long to hear you sing beneath the clear blue skies
And I promise you this time I'll see it in your eyes
I didn't see it, I can't believe it
Oh but I feel it
When you sing to me

Just to think you live inside of me
I had no idea how this could be
Now I'm crazy for your love
Can't believe I'm crazy for your love
The words you said you sang to me
And you showed me where I wanna be
Yea you sang to me, oh you sang to me

Go Back To Chorus (Repeat Once)

Once he had finished, he looked at his love expectedly when he finally asked, 
"So, what did you think?"

"It was beautiful," she replied as she snuggled up into his chest.

"Really? Do you really think so?" he asked, flattered.

"Mmmhmm." she murmured in response.

"Good. I'm glad that you liked it," he said, while smiling at her.

"I love you, Tenchi," she said.

"I love you too, Ryoko," he said as he fell asleep with her on the steps.




End




A/N: I hope that this was ok. Please read and review to tell me how I did, 
but until then, ja ne!





 





