Standard Disclaimer: None of these characters belong to me (except the
real worlders), so please don't go suing me. Thank you. Enjoy the
show. 



....You Just Might Get It

Tyler pressed the button on the remote, the tape whirring to a stop. 
He stood up and stretched, a look of contentment spreading across his
face. He'd finally managed to watch the conclusion of Tenchi Muyo! 
He'd waited anxiously like every other drooling otaku out there for the
final episodes of the OAV series to come out, and was first in line when
they were released. Still reeling from the episode, Tyler muttered the
wish of many obsessed otaku, "Ah man, if I could only be in Tenchi's
shoes...." Pleased with his accomplishment, Tyler Newland pulled out a
book he needed to read for English and began to read. Suddenly, the
phone rang. Tyler jumped up, a look of hope and anxiety on his face.
Tyler Newland, 21 years old, stood his full six feet. He was
Caucasian, with a slight tan in his skin, and was quite lean. A little
muscle was on his arms and legs, a present from his martial arts
classes. His flaming red hair was cut short but coated in gel, making
his head look like a globe with a red northern hemisphere. He had
emerald green eyes, which often reflected sunlight just like a cat's
eyes. Picking up the phone, his anxious voice managed to get out,
"Hello?" His heart and face rose as he listened to the voice on the
other end, "I thought you might be at home today Tyler? I'm bored, so
how bout we go out and see a movie?"
Joy filled Tyler's heart as he replied, "That sounds great. I'll pick
you up in about ten minutes, ok?" Hearing an affirmative response on
the other end, Tyler hung up the phone and thought about the girl on the
other end of the line.....Lilly Walters. Lilly was almost as tall as
Tyler, about six foot ten, and her skin was a dark black. Lilly was a
brunette, but her blue eyes sparkled like sapphires, and just the mental
image of her face made Tyler's heart jump. Grabbing his wallet and
keys, Tyler ran out to his car.
The drive to Lilly's house was short, and traveled through several
unused backroads, so Tyler often sped through. He had been so anxious
today, he forgot to buckle his seat belt. Speeding down one road, he
approached a gentle curve. Suddenly, ripping around the corner was a
red Porsche, now headed right for his speeding Neon. Tyler tried to
brake and turn, but it didn't help. As the whole world exploded,
Tyler's brain screamed the only thing it could...."Lilly!!" Tyler felt
himself flung through the windshield, and then everything faded out....

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Tyler felt something wet on his forehead, blood probably. The other
thing Tyler's mind registered were several voices. Since his eyes were
still closed, he couldn't see who was talking, but several seemed to be
female voices. Also, the voices seemed vaguely familiar, but Tyler's
mind and body were too exhausted to remember. One male voice suddenly
said, "I think he's coming around...." Finally, Tyler's eyes didn't
feel like lead weights, and he tried opening one. Taking one look
around him, his mind had only enough time to register what he saw before
overloading and sending him back into darkness.....
When Tyler reawakened, he sat up suddenly and sharply, almost hitting
the person who had been tending him. A gentle female voice gasped,
"Oh! You're awake now. How are you feeling?" Turning his head
slightly, he processed the physical look of his nurse. She had green
hair, and her face was stern, yet caring at the same time. Her greenish
eyes spoke of many hardships. Tyler instantly recognized the girl, and
he made that connection clear, "You....how....what...." before he could
form a coherent sentence, pain overtook him and he fell back into bed. 
The girl came over and placed a hand where the pain had erupted, gently
commanding him, "Easy there, you don't wanna push yourself. When we
found you, you were severely cut and bruised. What happened to you? By
the way, my name is Kiyone. What's yours?"
Giving a sigh of both pain and confusion, Tyler managed to groan,
"Tyler. I'm Tyler." He couldn't get anything else out before another
wave of pain hit him. Lying back in his makeshift bed he simply allowed
himself to be taken care of, still trying to accept what his senses were
telling his logic. Finally, the mental battle exhausted him and he fell
back into his slumber.
The next time he awoke, the pain was gone, and he was able to sit up
and examine his surroundings. He was currently alone, in what was
obviously the living room of the Masaki Household. It was around the
middle of the day, since the sun was shining high in the sky. The smell
of cooking came from the kitchen, which probably meant that Sasami was
in there. As to the location of the other houseguests, Tyler had no
clue. Now that he had a few moments to himself, Tyler examined his
injuries. Bandages were wrapped around various spots on his legs and
arms. He had a bandage on his left cheek, and his whole chest was
bound. Now that he was certain he was alive, Tyler stopped to think
about what he'd gotten into....
The last thing he remembered was being flung out of his car, and now he
was in the middle of Tenchi Muyo. He, of all the people out there, had
been granted the one desire that he had burning in his otaku's heart. A
feeling of pure exaltation and self-gratification surged through his
whole body!
"I see we're finally up and about Tyler." Tyler stooped over in
typical anime fashion at the sound of another person in the room. 
Turning around, he saw Kiyone standing there, a tray in her hands. She
set the tray down and sat next to him, "Feeling better then?"
Tyler nodded, "Yeah, thanks to you." He noticed Kiyone blush, and
suddenly felt quite awkward himself. Looking at the tray, he saw a bowl
full of steaming liquid. Seeing an opportunity, Tyler said, "Is that
soup?"
Kiyone took the hint and nodded, "Yeah, it is. Sasami, the girl who
cooks for us, said I should try and get you to eat some." Tyler took up
the bowl and sipped some of the broth. To his surprise, it tasted
pretty good. Picking up a pair of chopsticks on the tray, he began
wolfing down the soup. Kiyone watched him the whole time, a strange
look on her face. When he finished, he set the bowl and chopsticks
down, "That was excellent! My compliments to the chef." Kiyone
laughed, and Tyler started laughing himself.
Suddenly, the room shook as the sound of an explosion rocked the area. 
Tyler turned to the noise, knowing what it was. Kiyone, noticing his
turn, said, "That would be two of the people living here, Ayeka and
Ryoko. They fight over the boy who originally lived in the house. His
name is Tenchi, and he'll be in soon to check on you." Suddenly, a
loud, bawling voice erupted across the house, "KIYONNEEE!!! WHERE ARE
YOU???" Tyler sighed, knowing the only ditz that voice could belong
to. Sure enough, a young blonde ambled into the room and immediately
latched onto Kiyone, "There you are Kiyone. Washu was mean to me again
and she threw me out and I couldn't find you and I was so upset. Oh
Kiyone!" At this point the blonde burst into tears.
With a resigned sigh, Kiyone said, "This is my partner, Mihoshi. 
Mihoshi, this is Tyler. He's the boy we found while you were crashing
the Yagami, remember?" Mihoshi looked at him, smiled and nodded. At
this point, other people began filing into the room. Tyler recognized
Tenchi, as well as the battered faces of Ayeka and Ryoko. Sasami peeked
her head from the kitchen, where lunch was being prepared. Even Washu
stepped out to introduce herself.
After introductions, Tenchi spoke up, "Well, Tyler, just how the heck
did you end up in the forest looking like someone had thrown you out of
a window? Besides, you're American, aren't you?" Tenchi's quizzical
look was quite genuine.
Just as Tyler was about to answer, an odd thought hit him. He not only
could understand Tenchi, who should be speaking Japanese, but Tenchi
could understand him even though he spoke English. How could that be? 
Seeing everyone's impatient look snapped him out of it, "I'm really not
sure, but yes, I'm American. The only thing I remember clearly was
driving down a road really fast, and I don't even know why. Other than
that, it's all blank." Washu was now examining him like she would a
specimen. Finally, she said, "Ok boy! You're coming with me! The
Number One Genius Scientist in the Universe will unravel this mystery!" 
Before he could say anything, Tyler was being dragged into Washu's Lab. 
Now he understood what Tenchi was going through.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Several hours and dozens of tests later, Washu looked at an exhausted
Tyler. He was glad she hadn't tried any of her "special" experiments
(apparently that right was reserved for just Tenchi). She gazed at him
with a serious look and then said, "You've been thrown through
dimensions." Tyler's look was a dumbfounded one, but he said nothing,
allowing her to continue, "You experienced a trauma so severe that it
threw you across dimensions. Analyzing the injuries you had when we
found you, my best guess is that you were in an automobile accident and
were thrown from your vehicle. In any case, it will take some time to
send you home, but if anyone can do it, I can!" With that final
comment, Washu cackled one of her infamous laughs. Tyler stood and left
Washu to her maniacal laughter. 
To his surprise, Kiyone was still around, and looked at him when he
came out. "So, what's the verdict?" she joked.
"I'm gonna be a guest for a while apparently. At least, until Washu
figures out how to get me home."
"I see. Well, Tenchi said you could stay here and sleep on the couch
so long as you do some work like everyone else." Tyler wasn't sure, but
he was almost certain she had smiled as she said that. He shrugged, and
Kiyone's face lit up, like she had just remembered something, "Oh yeah,
I've gotta get going. Mihoshi and I have a place in the city. We'll be
back tomorrow for another visit. Take care, Tyler." She ran off, not
waiting for his own goodbye.
He waved to her back and shouted, "You too Kiyone!" Sighing, Tyler sat
down and wondered what sort of action dinner would bring....

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Kiyone collapsed onto her futon, exhausted from listening to Mihoshi
the whole trip home. Looking up into the ceiling, she thought to
herself, "Tyler, huh?" She gave a short chuckle, remembering the look
on his face when he had stumbled out of Washu's lab. Giving a short
sigh, she slept soundly for the first time since arriving on Earth.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Tyler had discovered during dinner that the tenants of the Masaki
residence were in no way secretive about the fact that they weren't from
this side of the galaxy. Ryoko teleported (right onto Tenchi,
naturally), flew, and even phased through the wall. Ayeka summoned her
guardian logs in a short battle, and Ryo-ohki ambled into the dining
area even though Tenchi had apparently asked her to remain upstairs. 
Tenchi had spent half an hour grudgingly disclosing all the details
about his guests' origins (although Tyler knew everything already). Now
that the excitement had died down, Tyler began to enjoy his
surroundings. He managed to talk to Tenchi alone for a while, asking
about what he could do to help out. Otherwise, the night passed
uneventfully. Tyler turned in with everyone else, thinking that he
could get used to this.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Two weeks passed by like mere hours. In that time, Tyler became
another member of the Masaki household. He was often goaded by Ayeka
and Ryoko into assisting them in various schemes to win Tenchi's
affection (though none of them ever worked). Kiyone visited several
times over those two weeks, and often spent those visits socializing
with Tyler. Noboyuki, Tenchi's father, once made a comment that Kiyone
was visiting more often than ever. Tyler should have realized
something, but he shrugged it off. Also over the two weeks, memories of
his former life began to flood back into Tyler's mind, but memories for
the last several years were still missing.
One evening, the entire Masaki household held a party for the blooming
of the Sakura trees. Mihoshi and Kiyone came over as well. Ryoko kept
trying to get Tenchi to drink, though he adamantly refused. Ayeka
played her "sweet-girl" role, but she drank heavily herself. The two
elder Masaki's were already drunk and having a grand old time. Sasami
was fixing snacks to go with the drinks, though Tyler felt she would
have liked to have joined the party with Tenchi. Mihoshi was even
weirder when she was drunk, and poor Kiyone drank just so she could get
Mihoshi out of her mind. Tyler watched Kiyone for a large amount of
time, and she offered him several drinks. Finding himself unable to
refuse her, Tyler found himself getting more and more drunk. Finally,
needing some fresh air, he stepped outside onto the front porch.
Sitting there, Tyler felt the flush in his face from the excessive
sake. The cool night breeze felt great against his skin. Suddenly, he
felt a touch on his shoulder, making him jump an inch or two. Even as
he turned around, he heard a familiar giggle. Kiyone stood there,
pretty drunk, and was grinning madly at him.
"Wh..what?" He managed to get out.
"No-thing," she joked, poking him in the shoulder. He gave a mock pout
and scolded her with his eyes. In response, she just stuck her tongue
out. Seeing no other alternative, he stuck his out. Obviously acting
under the influence of the sake, Kiyone once again stuck out her tongue.
"Careful," he suddenly heard himself say, "If you do that again, I may
have to do something drastic." His challenge was almost childish, but
he realized he was serious.
A sly smile suddenly crossed Kiyone's face, "Oh yeah? Like what?" She
was challenging his courage, that he was sure of.
No longer in total control of his speech, even he was shocked to hear
himself say, "I just might have to kiss those lips of yours to keep that
tongue in your mouth." He voice was both playful and yet had a tone of
seriousness to it.
Kiyone didn't hesitate or look embarrassed for a second. She just came
out with, "Oh yeah? Well, I'd like to see you try it. Bleahhhh!" With
that, she stuck out her tongue again.
Tyler wasn't sure if he was totally under the control of the alcohol,
but he suddenly placed a hand on Kiyone's face and drew his face
closer. Somewhere in the back of his head, sirens were blaring and
every alarm the human brain could conceive was going off. However,
Tyler had gone too far to back out now. What truly shocked him is that
not only did Kiyone not back away, she seemed to be enjoying the kiss. 
Suddenly, there was a flash of light, and a face suddenly blazed across
his mind.
His head jerked back, violently breaking the kiss, and he screamed out,
"Lilly!!!!" Kiyone, still mildly drunk, became upset, running back into
the house with what appeared to be tears streaming down her eyes. 
"Kiyone!!" Tyler called out, but she was already gone. Tyler sat in the
night, staring at his trembling hands, as a flood of memories of his
girlfriend Lilly came rushing back into his mind. Suddenly, a shocking
realization hit him: he had fallen head over heels for Kiyone, yet he
still loved Lilly. The situation, combined with the alcohol, was too
much for him to take. Staggering off to bed, Tyler knew that sooner or
later, he would have to choose.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Kiyone just couldn't manage to fall asleep. Too many thoughts were
running through her troubled mind, and almost all of those thoughts
focused on a particular boy living in the Masaki house. "What's going
on with me? I can't be falling in love with that boy! I barely know
him, and yet just the thought of seeing him again makes me so happy. Oh
Kiyone, what have you gotten yourself into now? From the looks of it,
he doesn't even like you. Look at what happened tonight. He was just
drunk and having fun, and then he screamed out a name when he kissed
you. Kiyone, you'll never have a chance with that one, so just give him
up now. But, I can't, can I? I really do love him....." Resigning
herself to this fate, Kiyone's troubled mind allowed her the solemn
peace of sleep.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Another week passed, and Kiyone hadn't been by once. Tyler, fearing
that he had upset her the night of the party, wished she'd come over so
he could apologize. However, he knew that when he saw her, he'd have to
confront the difficult choice facing him. Footsteps behind him snapped
him out of his thinking. Washu was standing there, a huge grin on her
face.
"I did it!!! I finally did it!!! The Greatest Scientific Genius in
the Universe has built your ride home Tyler. I can send you home, but I
only have one shot at it. You'll be returned to the crash scene seconds
after you left, but you'll lose all memories of your time here during
the trip, and you'll never get them back, I'm afraid. I'm sorry, but
this is the only possible way. You have to decide what to do by 5:00
tomorrow evening." With that solemn comment, Washu strolled back to her
laboratory.
Tyler's head began to throb, and he collapsed onto the couch. This had
to be the greatest romantic dilemma any man could ever face. Just as he
had rediscovered love, past fires reignited and tried to reclaim their
place in his heart. Two faces and two personalities floated through his
head, and his heart was being twisted and pulled several directions. 
Tyler didn't see anyone that day, and the romantic struggle lasted far
into the night.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"He's WHAT????" Kiyone yelled at Mihoshi so loud, the whole restraunt
heard her. Not caring, Kiyone continued to wring the information out of
Mihoshi.
"He's leaving tonight.....Tenchi called last night to tell us. He's
leaving at 5:00."
"WHAT?? IT'S 4:30 NOW!!!" Her mind panicked. She couldn't let him
walk out of her life without getting a chance to tell him how she felt. 
Tearing off her uniform, she ran out the door and called for Yagami, the
only thing that could get her there in time......

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Tyler sighed as he glanced at the clock, which read 4:45. Kiyone and
Mihoshi hadn't shown up to see him off. "I guess she doesn't want
anything else to do with me," he grumbled. Turning, he headed for the
door to Washu's lab.
"TYLER!!!" a voice cried out, desperation ringing in the tone. Tyler
spun around to see Kiyone, her face tear-streaked, running at him. As
she reached him she leaped into his arms. Seeing no other option, Tyler
caught her and pulled her close. She looked up into his face, short
sobs escaping her breath.
Tyler just looked at her, finally speaking, "I thought you didn't want
anything more to do with me. I'm sorry for what I did to you at the
party."
She shook her head and cried out violently, "Don't be sorry, you baka. 
I wanted you to kiss me that night. Haven't you figured it out yet? 
I've been avoiding you because I didn't want to admit that I'd fallen in
love with you! Now I hear you're just leaving! How can you be so cruel
to me?"
Tyler's heart was in wrenching pain. He longed to go home, and yet he
wanted to stay here with Kiyone and the rest of the Tenchi crew. 
Finally, he sighed, and turned towards the lab, Kiyone still clutching
onto him, "I'm gonna miss my old dimension, and Lilly, but I can't go
and leave you now."
Giving a cry of joy, Kiyone leaped up and kissed him on the lips
gently. Then, after she landed, she pulled his face down and kissed him
deeply on the lips. Washu looked out, wondering what was taking Tyler
so long. Seeing him and Kiyone together, she smiled, "Well, guess I
should just blow the darn machine up then. Oh Mihoshi!!!"

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Tyler felt a prodding at his side as he was slowly roused from his
sleep. As the world came into focus, Kiyone's smiling face was the
first thing he saw clearly, "Good morning."
"Good morning, you sleepyhead. Get up, or we'll be late for work." 
Teasing, she threw a pillow into his face.
Suddenly, he remembered, "Oh geez!!! Late!!! Late!!!" Tyler began
rushing around getting dressed, accidentally tripping over Mihoshi's
sleeping form. Kiyone just laughed and laughed. Tyler smiled through
the pain, knowing that his new life would be quite interesting...


Author's Notes: Well, I hoped you liked this. If not, well, not much I
can do about that. For those wondering, I chose Kiyone because she
seemed the most likely to fall in love with a guy from our world, but
maybe I'm wrong. As far as making him stay, that looked to be the more
amusing ending. If you have any comments or criticisms, please aim them
at jardmikhal@aol.com.

JardMikhal, the Resident Seishi