BGlanders presents,

A short fathers day fic.

You Were Everything To Me


***
You were everything to me.

You still are, and you always will be.  You led me through the darkest times
of my life.  All through her passing.  I was so alone, so full of blind hate
and vengence, but you were always there to save me and to try to cheer me up,
even though your own heart was broken even worse than mine.

I know we've had our differences, and I know that we don't see each other as
much as we used to, but when we do we still have the love for each other that
we needed so badly all those years ago...

Years ago?  I know, for you it must seem like it just happened yesterday, and
for the longest time it felt that way to me too, but now we have the others
here, Ryoko and Aeka, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki, Kyonie and Mihoshi, even Washu are
all our family now.  

Through it all though, I know that there's still one person in this world that
I care about more than any other, and that's you.  I'm thankful to you every
time I sit down to eat or walk around our house.  I'm thankful for the work
you do that keeps us alive and safe.  I'm thankfull of the friends we now have
to share our house with, but most of all, I'm thankfull to have you there to
turn to.

***

"Tenchi?"

Tenchi looked up from his desk and the paper he was writing on to see who had
called him.  At the door, Noboyuki stood pointing his video cammera straight
at the young prince.  "Dad..." Tenchi groaned.  Noboyuki just kept on rolling.
"So Tenchi, how's your sex life these days?  Tell me, have you picked a lucky
girl yet?"  Tenchi rolled his eyes in discust.  "Dad please, this is
embarassing!  Why do you try to video tape every single thing do?"  Noboyuki
suddenly shut off the cammera and took it off his shoulder.  "If I didn't," he
said in a gentle tone, "how would I be able to look back on you, son?  You're
my world, you always have been."  Tenchi felt a lump in his throat at his
father's words.  "Dad..I..."  

Noboyuki stared at his son for several seconds with an expression that Tenchi
had seen so many times before, but until then he had never even noticed what
it meant.  Right then, tenchi didn't see some pervert buried in pornographic
mangas or trying to video tape the girls in the onsen.

He saw his father.

He saw the man who would take him camping in the woods by the shrine.  He saw
the man who would stay up late to read him stories about magical lands and
noble warriors.  He saw the man who had walked with him to the bus stop on his
first day of school.  He saw the same man who had stood with him on that cold
snowy night so many years ago, and who had shed just as many tears.

As if to break the spell, Noboyuki suddenly coughed and said, "You'd better
turn in, Tenchi.  Grandfather has a lot of work planned for you in the
morning."  Tenchi nodded and broke eye contact with the stranger he knew so
well at the other side of the room.  

As Noboyuki quietly shut his son's door, he thought he heard a whispering
breeze, or maybe a creak comming from the house.  Or maybe, just maybe, it was
his son.

"I love you dad."

*****

Tenchi and Co. are the properity of AiC and Pioneer

All C&C to BGlanders@aol.com