  Ok, if you have read any of the stories online you know that nobody who writes these owns
the characters in the Tenchi Series. I didn't sell this so please don't sue me. 


  Yugi's Dream
By, Clayton Overstreet

Part one

  Yugi sat outside the shrine. Her body was inside sound asleep. After Tenchi had defeated 
her and had promised not to lock her away again, she had decided to sleep until she could
figure out why he had spared her. She just didn't understand it. She had tried to kill him and
his friends, had broken his heart, and had almost destroyed his relationships with the people
he cared about most. But still he had dropped his sword and held her tight. Was it because
he thought her shadow might still be in her? 
  That was something else that had bothered her. Why had her shadow betrayed her? Why
had she felt so drawn to Sasami? Heck she couldn't even see why she bothered trying to 
take over the world in the area around the place where the only people who could stop her
lived and had spent time tricking them into awakening the power that could defete her. It 
didn't make any sence. Maybe she was still a caring person... despite all the evil things she 
had done. Had Tenchi seen that as a possibility? Why did she suddenly know that what she 
was doing was evil?
  Yugi was snapped out of her thoughts when Sasami came running through the bushes. She
went straight to the shrine like she did every afternoon. She stoped infront of Yugi's body 
and began to relate her experiences for the day, "... and then I made lunch for everyone and
they told me how good it was. I love that. Oh, and we went out in Ryo-oki to play on the 
moon. Ever since you tricked her into going up there she just can't stay away..." Sasami 
giggled. Yugi smiled at her friend. It was all she could do not to get back into her body so
she and Sasami could finish their game of jump rope. Finaly Sasami finished and hugged her
body, then ran off.
  Yugi watched her go, "Sasami why are you so nice to me? I lied to you and did such 
horrible things" Yugi began to cry, invisible tears hitting the ground. She came to a decision
right then. She would find out what it was about them that made them care, even for her.
Yugi's spirit flew away from the shrine. Looking around she saw Tenchi and Ryoko sitting
in a tree. She remembered the time she had sent Sakuya to him right after their date. When 
she had seen the pictures of him and Ryoko her shadow had cried for loosing him. But Yugi
had cried because of what she was doing. She had used her ability to read minds to make 
her shadow do whatever was right at the moment. 
  Right now Tenchi was sitting with Ryoko talking. Ryoko looked at him, "Tenchi, you know 
how Sakuya was Yugi's shadow?" He nodded. "Well that means when she grows up Yugi
will look like Sakuya." Tenchi shrugged, "I suppose." Ryoko nodded. Yugi saw in their 
minds that they had let Sakuya go. She had been there, and yet hadn't ever existed. They 
saw what she had done by giving up Tenchi so he could fight Yugi as a great sacrifice, not to 
be tarnished by regrets or jealousy. Tenchi turned to Ryoko besides him and looked into her
eyes. He saw someone there who had trusted him and who had expressed love for him in a
way that could not be matched.
  Ryoko had trusted him, had been the only one who realy did out of all his friends. She had
not been there the day they had ruined the carnival. The others had admited as much. And 
despite her usual tactics of trying to seduce him, had learned that he couldn't be had that way 
and had arranged a date instead. He had broken her heat when she saw him with Sakuya, 
but she had come back, deciding his happyness was all that mattered. Tenchi leaned forward 
to kiss her... just when a hole opened in the tree and Washu's head popped out, "So this is
where my new tunnel goes." Ayeaka popped up behind her, "Ryoko what are you doing with 
lord Tenchi?" Yugi laughed to herself as they began one of their fights. Soon everyone was
there and had fallen out of the tree. 

  Later that night Yugi went to each of them in turn. Ayeak awas first. Yugi saw that in her
mind she saw Ryoko as a friend, and in some ways more mature than her both physicaly and
emotionaly. She had figured out some time ago that Tenchi would either pick Ryoko or
Sakuya. She realy now saw him as a brother, but her royal pride would not allow her to 
give up the fight until Tenchi actually admitted his choice. When he had chosen Sakuya and
Ryoko had left, it had hurt her a great deal. She considered Ryoko one of her best friends
and had missed their fights. Then she had been the one to start them all coming back 
together. 
  When she thought of what Yugi had done she at first thought about what she would have 
done in Tenchi's place. Yugi felt ill as she saw those images. Then Ayeaka moved on to 
amazement and admiration at what Tenchi had done. He had seen that despite her power, 
despite her actions, Yugi had still been a little girl like her own sister. Since then she had 
come to see the same things in Yugi herself. She could just imagine how it must have been
for her all those centuries, locked away. 
  
  Yugi left Ayeaka and moved to Sasami. She was thinking about how Yugi had been her 
friend, even when she had been trying to destroy her family. She felt it was wrong of Yugi to
lock her in that crystal, and to attack her family, but through it all had seen her as a true friend.
Yugi couldn't take it any more. Sasami's feelings made her hate herself more for hurting her
like that. 
  Yugi fled though a wall and found herself in Tenchi's room. He lay on his bed staring at the 
ceiling. Yugi sat on his bed, watching as he absently twirled the gem on his wrist. His 
thoughts were going between each of the girls, including Yugi and Sakuya. He loved each of
them in their own way, just as he loved his father and grandfather. Yugi had seen that when 
she had one of her creatures try to attatch that love string to Sakuya's finger. Another had 
gone to each of them. 
  Now he was examining what that meant. He thought of Ayeaka as a bossy sister. She often
fought Ryoko off of him, but he was almost certain she didn't love him in that way. He moved
on to Sasami... she was also like a sister, a sweet little kid sister. Mihoshi and Kyonei... now
they were tough. They stuck around here because of him. And from what Mihoshi had said
before Kyonei had slapped a hand over her mouth, she had asked Ryoko if she could have 
him since Ryoko had flown off. Ryoko had told her about Sakuya and flown off. But she had
come back anyway. Kyonei though was probably just trying to get Ryoko to come back. 
She saw him as someone she could get together with, but he was a little young. And Mihoshi
was... well he had his suspisions that she had a thing for Kyonei. 
  Now he thought about Yugi and Sakuya. He had loved Sakuya, had chosen her over his 
close friends... mostly because she seemed to do everything right and was a normal girl. The
others kind of scared him in some ways with their bizzare powers and the fact that they were
aliens. Then he found that Sakuya wasn't real, just an alternate personality created by Yugi.
Even then he had agreed to stay with her in Yugi's dreamworld. If she hadn't stopped him he
would still be there with her. 
  Yugi herslef he saw as a small girl, not unlike Sasami, who had been scared that he would
either kill her, or imprison her again. So she had lashed out to stop that from happening.
  Finaly he reached Ryoko, and his heart split in two. He had loved her aswell. She wasn't 
perfect, and at times she was a bit... emotional, but he loved her so much. That he had hurt 
her and caused her to run away was something he couldn't forgive himself for. A tear fell 
from his cheek. He turned to his night stand and took out the pictures they had taken on their
date. He smiled and kissed her picture, then set it next to his bed.
  Yugi smiled and left. On her way out she skimmed Yosho and Nobiyuki's minds. Yosho 
was proud of his grandson, who had become the most effective guardian the Earth had ever 
had. Nobiyuki was also proud and a little jealouse of his son. Gertting all the girls, saving the
world. It was all alot to take in.
  Ryoko was sleeping, dreaming of herself and Tenchi on their wedding night. Yugi blushed
and left quickly. 
  Sitting in the living room Yugi absently petted Ryo-oki in her sleep. The cabbit purred but 
stayed asleep. She looked around and saw a light from under the broom closet door. Yugi 
floated over to it and tried to pass through. She couldn't. Somehow Washu had barred her
from entering the lab. "If you want to come in Yugi, all you have to do is knock." Suprised
Yugi reached out and knocked gently on the door. It swung open. Floating in she gasped as 
the door slammed shut behind her and disapeared. Solidifying slightly Yugi walked over to 
Washu, who was sitting watching her, "How did you know I was here? I don't care how
good a scientist you are, nothing human could have sensed me." Washu grinned and patted
her leg. Yugi hopped up and sat on her lap. 
  Washu grinned, "Well you have figured it out Yugi. I'm not human. When you were on Jurai
did you ever hear of Tsunami?" Yugi nodded and Washu continued, "Well Tsunami had two 
older sisters. Tsunami herself was a goddess of goodness. One of her sisters named Tokimi 
was once like her, but became involved with the powers of darkness. The oldest sister was
on neither side. She avoided the powers of both light and darkness, choosing neither. One 
day her younger sisters left their home, beyond the universe, to see what was out there. They
all knew everything already, but being omnipotent and omnipresent has its draw backs." Yugi
nodded in agreement, "I know what you mean." Washu lauhed, "Well I guess you do. Now 
should I continue with the story?" Yugi nodded. "Well after quite a wile the older sister got 
bored and lonely. He youngest sister had gone and created her own world, and had taken up
residence in a tree/spaceship there. 
  "Tokimi went around the universe doing as she pleased. The third sister, who had come to
watch had seen what they did. Then something caught her eye. The creatures of the universe,
mostly the humanoids. The were so strange. Not knowing what the universe was realy like,
but willing to spend their own short lives trying to find out as much as they could, building 
on each generation's knowledge. They also had things the sisters had never known. 
Happyness, love, pain, and suprises. The third sister decided to join them." Yugi looked at
her in astonishment, "You mean you wera a god?" Washu nodded, "Yes. I know you have
alot of power Yugi, but life without them is alot better. And it wasn't easy for me to become
a human. I had to spread myself out into three seperate universes, and lock away many of 
my memories."
  Yugi listened in facination as Washu told her story, "It was a long process. I grew up as a
normal person... ok I grew up as a supergenius but you can't quit being perfect cold turkey.
In each universe I lived in I fell in love with the same guy, who's family had him and our baby
taken away from me. I regressed and went into a childish form, and took out my agressions
by building weapons. This lead me to some minor problems. One day each of me came to 
the decision to build a daughter. That daughter was to be called Ryoko. We gave her many 
my powers, out hair, and made her gorgeouse. But each time something horrible happened.
In thios universe when I gave birth to Ryoko I was lmost immediately arrested for weapons
developement. Ryoko was taken from me just as my other son was. 
  "Later Ryoko became a space pirate. I tracked her down and instituted a chain of events 
which lead us to land on this world." Yugi sat back amazed, "What happened to the other 
yous?" Washu smiled, "Well one made Ryoko full grown and gave her three gems that 
contained the majority of my powers. Before she could get to know how to use them all 
though one of my assistants named Kagato turned on me and used Ryoko in his plan to try
to take over the universe. I don't know what it is about this family, but events happened in 
such a way as we all ended up together again... but I'm rambling. Would you like to see what
the other universes are like?" Yugi grinned and nodded. Suddenly she vanished.

Part two

  Yugi found herself spinning through time and space. She saw Kagato's theft of Ryoko, the
horrible things he made her do. Then she saw how Yosho chased Ryoko off of Jurai. So
many things happend after that. Yugi's head began to swim. Then things slowed down again.
She saw Ryoko's astral projection outside the shrine. Yugi hid behind a rock incase Ryoko 
could see her. She looked around, and saw a young lady head towards the shrine. She had
a baby on her back. Ryoko smiled at the baby, then was suprised when he seemed to see
her.
  Yugi recognized the cute baby as Tenchi. Ryoko flew over and made faces at him. Tenchi
laughed and waved his hands at Ryoko. Tenchi's mother turned to see what had caught her
son's attention, "What is it Tenchi? What do you see?" Tenchi just yawned and went to sleep.
Yugi giggled, the clapped her hand over her mouth. Ryoko was so engrossed in Tenchi she 
hadn't noticed. Time moved forward again. Yugi saw Tenchi playign by the cave with Ryoko,
but over time he lost his ability to see her. Then one day Tenchi came to the shrine... he was
crying. Yugi watched as he cried into the rocks of the shrine, saw how Ryoko tried to 
comfort him. Ryoko herself began to cry, unable to help the boy. She looked around for 
Tenchi's mother... them realized just why she wasn't with him.
  Yugi herself started to cry. Tears blurred her eyes. When they cleared Tenchi was a young 
man, and had the key to the shrine. She saw Ryoko follow him in and enter her body. She
laughed at Tenchi's almost comic reaction to Ryoko's mummified face. Then when the sword
in his hand glowed it blocked out everything else. When she could see again Yugi was no 
longer in the shrine. She was watching Ryoko chase Tenchi around the school. It was all she
could do not to laugh outloud. 
  Finaly Tenchi and Ryoko's fight ended. Yugi found herself outside his bedroom window 
when he found her sleeping in his bed. Yugi laughed again. 
  Days flew by. Yugi watched Ayeaka attack and capture the two, Sasami helping them 
escape. Ryoko's summoning of a demon just before Mihoshi arrived. She saw everything.
Kagato came and tried to kill them all. Tenchi defeated him. Dr.Clay came to kidnap 
Washu for Tokimi, and he failed aswell. Suddenly Yugi found herself before Tokimi who 
looked down and saw her, "Hello daughter." Yugi looked up, "Daughter?" Tokimi nodded
and picked her up, "Do you not recognize your own mother? My sister is not the only one to
have children. You and Yahuze were my children. I see Washu had taken you under her 
wing now." Yugi looked at her amazed, "Why did you leave me alone on Jurai when I was
a baby?" Tokimi smiled, "I thought you would conquer their world. I wanted the best for you,
but it seems you have found a family. Lately I have been trying to meet with my sisters. But it
doesn't seem to be going well. Any ideas?" Yugi smiled and shrugged, "Have you considered
knocking on the door?" Tokimi shook her head, "No, why would I do that?" Yugi looked at
her, "Because it's polite." Tokimi shrugged, "Ok, I'll give it a try. I hope you have fun on this
journy my sister has set you on. I'll come visit when it is over..." Yugi vanished and appeared
back on Earth. 
  Tenchi was sitting out by the shrine and Ryoko showed up. She smiled at Tenchi and 
blushed slightly. Since merging with Zero she hadn't been as forward with him. Tenchi smiled
at her and offered her a seat next to him. Ryoko sat behind him and leaned against his back.
"Tenchi, when you were coming to save me from Kagato and Dr.Clay... what was going 
through your mind?" Tenchi smiled and Yugi listened with interest. Tenchi thought about it for
a second and said, "I guess I just had this need to rescue you Ryoko. I was just thinking 
about saving you." Ryoko grinned and asked, "What about Ayeaka." Tenchi blushed and 
sighed a bit, "She's my friend Ryoko. If she's in danger I would rescue her too. But before 
you ask... I'm not in love with her." Ryoko held her breath for a second. She turned around 
and faced him, "Who are you in love with Tenchi?" Tenchi turned and smiled at her, "I... I 
love you Ryoko. I have for a long time. It's just you were always trying to force me and 
scared me. But since you've calmed down lately..." He was cut off by Ryoko's kiss. 
  Yugi smiled at them. She felt good watching them. Suddenly Tenchi and Ryoko's hands got
to work and she decided it was time to leave. She floated over to the house. Kyonei had just
moved in and Mihoshi was giving her the grand tour. Sasami was in the kitchen, cooking with
what looked like a humanoid Ryo-oki helping her. Yugi blinked and saw something odd 
about her friend. She couldn't quite place it until she looked at her reflection in the plate she
was watching. It was Sasami no doubt, but it was an older her... and it was looking right at 
Yugi. She stepped back in suprise and felt herself bump into someone. When she turned 
around the adult looking Sasami was behind her. "Hello Yugi. Enjoying your trip?" Yugi's
jaws dropped, "Tsu...Tsunami?" Tsunami smiled and nodded, "No hug for your aunt?" Yugi
grinned and hugged her. "Um... sorry for... you know..." Tsunami raised and eyebrow, "You
mean almost destroying Jurai? Don't worry, Ryoko did the same thing." Yugi grinned and 
nodded, "I know. It was so sad watching her... but what's the deal with you and Sasami?"
  Tsunami grinned and glanced at Sasami in the kitchen, "Well when Ryoko attacked Jurai 
Sasami was injured. I joined with her to save her life. Soon we will be one person." Yugi 
nodded, "I see. What about the other Sasami's though?" Tsunami shook her head, "No, your
friend and the other one are not merged with me. I may be becoming human but unlike my 
sister I am not giving up my powers. I need to protect my family." Yugi nodded. "Well I'm
glad I got to meet you. Mother said she has been trying to get a family reunion going. Maybe 
we'll get together some time?" Tsunami nodded, "Yes we will. And all your friends will be 
there." Yugi smiled and the scene faded. She was back in Washu's lab. Washu smiled and 
rubbed her hair, "Enjoy yourself?" Yugi nodded and hugged her, "Thanks. It is nice getting to
know my family loke this." Washu grinned, "Well it's not over yet. There is still one more
place you need to see." She pushed a button on her computer and the room vanished again.

Part three

  Yugi found herself in a big room full of people. They were all looking at Washu who was 
standing in the center of the room. She was handcuffed and had just been sentenced for
building weapons. But unlike in Yugi's world she was sealed away in a pod. They sealed it 
up in a meteorite and sent her into space. Then the judge turned to the assembled people.
"I have decided to put Washu's child into a foster home. She will remain a ward of the state 
until such time as..." A small man ran up and wispered something to the judge. He turned 
back to the assembled, "It seem's Washu's daughter has run away with the help of a pet 
Washu had made for her." Yugi smiled. Suddenly the scene changed. 
  She found herself in a field full of flowers. Ryoko was walking around admiring the scenery.
It was the first time since she had run away that she had had a chance to get out of Ryo-oki
for a while. She looked around a bit, then saw another girl. Ryoko walked over to her and
said, "Hello. Who are you?" The girl looked up at her, "I'm princess Ayeaka. Who are you?"
Ryoko thought about it for a second, "I'm Ryoko... a um... space pirate." Ayeaka looked at
her stunned. "Well then what are you doing here? This is the Jurai private garden. Only royalty
is allowed here without special permission. And you didn't even bow." Ryoko looked at her
and shook her head, "Sorry, but I'm not a citizen of Jurai. So why should I bow?" Ayeak put
on a crown she had made out of flowers and looked at her, "Oh yeah? Well as princess I 
order you to bow or you can't stay here." Ryoko stood up and grinned, "In that case," She
grabbed the crown off Ayeaka's head, "Then I am now the princess." 
  Ayeaka jumped up and grabbed it back. Then she turned and yelled, "Guards! This girl was
mean to me." Ryoko saw two men running towards her. She turned crying and yelled back 
at Ayeaka, "You're mean!" Then she and Ryo-oki took off. 
  Yugi sat back and shook her head. There was no reason for that. If they had both just 
calmed down a bit they could have been good friends. She didn't understand this at all.
The scene shifted and showed Ayeaka and Ryoko both meeting several more times. Ryoko
actualy did try to work as a normal person. First she tried working at a circus. She had a
good time, until they came back to Jurai. Ayeaka showed up and saw her. Walking over to
Ryoko's stall she looked around. Ryoko was selling stuffed animals. Ayeaka sneered at her
and kicked her booth, "Who gave YOU permission to set up here?" Ryoko grinned. "Ah 
princess, I have just the thing for you." She reached in and grabbed Ryo-oki and handed her
to the princess, "And it'll only cost..." She grabbed the princess's money, "Well what do you 
know. you have the xact amount right here." She took the money and ran." Ayeaka was 
confused. She looked down at the creature in her hand. It moved and she screamed. Ryo-oki
jumped out of her hands and chased after Ryoko. 
  Yugi laughed hystericaly. This was fun, watching the two of them fight. Looking around 
Yugi saw Ryoko, older this time. She was relaxing at a resort she was working at. She lay
out on the water, when suddenly Ayeaka showed up again. She was out on the royal boat 
and had spotted Ryoko. She had the captain steer the boat so that Ryoko was splashed and
knocked out of her chair. Ryoko growled and vowed revenger, just before her watch alarm 
went off. She sighed and teleported back to the hotel. 
  Donning her maid outfit Ryoko started cleaning. After a while though she arrived at the 
royal sweet. Ryoko looked around amazed, and frankly so was Yugi. This was a very good
room. Ryoko opened the bar and took a peek. She'd never had alcchohal before, and 
decided to give it a shot. An hour later she was passed out on the princess's bed. When 
Ayeaka came back to her room she found Ryoko there, "Hey you! What do you think you 
are doing?" Ryoko woke up and looked at Ayeaka groggily. "Guards! Arrest this woman. 
She broke into my room and is a space pirate." Ryoko shook her head and floated out of
the room just as Ayeaka's guards entered the room. 
  Yugi followed her and heard Ryoko mumble to herself, "Fine, treat me like a criminal. Just 
for that Princess, I'll become the greatest pirate of all time." 
  Events and places shifted around Yugi again. She found herself back on Earth, in the woods
outside the Masaki home. Suddenly she heard a loud crash and saw Tenchi running in that 
direction. Yugi followed him and watched. Down by the lake Ryoko lay unconsious on the
ground, Ryo-oki sunk in the lake. Tenchi went over and helped her up, scooping a drink of 
water out of a nearby stream. Ryoko swallowed and coughed a bit. Looking up at Tenchi 
who smiled down at her. "Are you alright?" Tenchi asked. 
  She was interupted by a huge battle suit bursting through the bushes. What followed was 
a chase in which Ryoko convinced Tenchi that the GP officer was a pirate and was chasing
her. Yugi was realy enjoying herself, though she was a little worried that they might get hurt.
Finaly Ryoko kicked the suit off the cliff and convinced Tenchi to take her home with him.
  Yugi followed them. :Later the GP officer showed up and chased them through the house
and two the shrine. After that it seemed to fall appart. Mihoshi came out and told Tenchi and
the others that Ryoko was the pirate. Ryoko chased them around and then told them she 
was playing with them. Yugi watched the events with keen interest. Somehow in three 
different worlds with nothing else in common, all these people kept getting together.
  After afew days Ayeaka responded to Mihoshi's distress call and a while after that Washu
was set free from the shrine. When she saw that Yugi almost died laughing. What was it 
about her family and getting caught in that shrine? Eventualy Kyonei joined the group. 
  Then people from the Juraian army showed up. Yugi watched as Ryoko and the others
evaded them, made their way to Jurai, and defeted the Kagato who had taken over. Yugi 
was confused though. Where had Ryoko gone? She flowed through time and space until she
was on the deck of Ryo-oki. Ryoko lay there, unmoving and barely breathing. Yugi looked 
at her worried. She became more worried when Nagi teleported in and took both Ryoko
and Ryo-oki aboard Kinoki. Nagi tried to heal Ryoko, but finaly the space pirate stopped
breathing. 
  Yugi was aghast. "No Ryoko! You can't die!" She held out he hands. Exerting all of her 
power Yugi held Ryoko's soul in place and healed her. Ryoko took a deep breath and woke
up. Yugi vanished back to Jurai. ((For deatails on what happened I suggest you read the 
fan fic 'Where's Ryoko'.)) Yugi watched as Tenchi looked at Ayeaka in the hall way. Ayeaka
looked at him and said, "Your decision to leave isn't going to change is it?" Tenchi shook his
head, "No. I don't belong here, I belong back on Earth," ((I know this isn't the exact dialogue
but it's close enough ok?))  Ayeaka had tears streaming down her cheeks, "Tenchi, if you 
stayed here you could be king. You could have everything you want." Tenchi looked away
from her, "Do you realy think so Ayeaka?" Yugi couldn't understand what he mean at first.
Then it dawned on her. He couldn't have what he wanted because as emperor even if he 
found Ryoko, he couldn't have her. And she was who he loved. Ayeaka realized this to and
said, "I will not be there to see you off when you leave." Then she turned and ran down the
hall crying.
  Tenchi turned and left. Yugi wiped a tear from her eye. Looking up she saw Tenchi walking
down the stairs on his way to school. Suddenly a meow came from the left and Tenchi 
looked over hopefully. It was only a small black cat. The to Yugi's amazement Ryoko 
appeared on the rock. "Tenchi..." sha whispered." Tenchi gasped and dropped his bag onto
the ground. Ryoko jumped into his arms and they held eachother tightly. Yugi was lost in the
happyness seeing these two together again brought her. She heard Ryoko say, "...I plan to
win you from Ayeaka in a fair fight." She saw his confused look and told him she was sure 
they all would be back soon. Walking back to the house hand in hand Tenchi kissed her 
cheek and said, you don't need to win anything Ryoko. I love you." Ryoko held him close as
they walked, "I know Tenchi. I love you too. Thats why I wanted to give you a choice."
  Yugi smiled as the two of them waled on, back to the house. Then she vanished.

Epilogue

  Yugi smiled and looked over at Washu. Washu smiled back and said, "I'm proud of you
Yugi. You saved Ryoko's life back there." Yugi nodded and smiled, "It was the right thing
to do. I just couldn't let her die." Washu hugged her. "I think You've grown up quite a bit 
Yugi. And I think you should join our family. Sasami could us a friend... and so could you I 
suspect." Yugi smiled and turned to leave. Once outside she saw that it was dawn. Slowly 
she walked to the shrine.
  Yugi reached her body just as the sun crested the mountains. She stepped into it and melted
into herself. Yawning and streatching she got up and walked towards the house. She went in
the front door. Hearing someone in the kitchen she walked over and saw Sasami buisily 
preparing breakfast. Double checking her friends reflection, which was normal, Yugi stepped
in and said, "Hey, think i could have some too?" Sasami looked at her and smiled. "Yugi, 
you're awake!" Sasami ran forward and hugged her. Yugi smiled and hugged her back, "I 
missed you Sasami. I just needed some time to think. I also wanted to appologize." Sasami
grinned and nodded, "I understand Yugi. I wouldn't want to be locked away either." Then 
Sasami remembered being locked in the crystal. She and Yugi smiled at eachother, "If you
want you could help me cook."

  "Terrific breakfast Sasami!" Everyone said when they were done. Sasami grinned and 
looked at them, "Thanks, but I didn't do it on my own." Yugi peeked out of the kitchen. 
Everyone gazed at her amazed, except Washu who had her 'I told you so' smile on her face.
Yugi stepped forward, "I wanted to appologize to you guys." Everyone looked at her a little
mistrustfully. Washu stepped forward, "I believe you Yugi, and I think that we should give 
her another chance. But just ONE more chance. Agreed?" Everyone gave it some thought 
and finaly agreed. Tenchi stood up, "Welcome to our family Yugi."

The end

Author's note

  Well, what do you think? I just6 had alot of time on my hands and this popped out. I tought
it would be a good way to both recap the Tenchi stories, finish them off, and give Yugi her
second chance. Anyone who wishes to add anything just email me at clayton_n@hotmail.com
