==-==-==
Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns Tenchi Muyo!

BUT, I own everything else!

==-==-==
Zelana's Quest

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage2.htm
(The Crystal Shrine!)
==-==-==
Friday, December 3rd

        Hovering over the planet is a small, silver craft.  For this planet
in
question, it is an unusual sight.  A planet of blue which has not made
contact outside its own sphere.

        A small craft.  The body of the ship is a long piece, but partially
cylindrical.  To either side are smaller, similar pieces about half the
length of the body.

        In the control center for the ship, a lone figure sits patiently.
She
finds it curious to be out this way, in the middle of nowhere.  However, her
reason for being here haunts the lone woman.

==-==-==
        The room is empty, save a few stragglers that don't seem to have any
other
place to go.  Sitting at the bar, she again waits patiently.  Draped over
her body is a white cloak which conceals all but her face and black gloved
hands.

        On her left wrist, a strange metal medallion is attached via
wristband.  On
the device, four small red gems sit in a 'plus' formation.  The rest of the
piece is polished brass.

        The glass ahead of her has only a violet ring around the bottom
where it
was once full.

        The bartender walks over, drying a glass.  "Is there anything else
you
need?" he asks politely.

        She looks up at him calmly.  Without a word, she reaches into her
cloak and
retrieves a small scrap of paper.  She sets it on the bar and slides it
forward.  "Have you seen this person?"

        "Not in here.  But, I heard she's on Earth.  Don't know why, though.
It's
in the middle of nowhere."

        "Earth?" a voice whispers from afar.  However, unnoticed.

        "Do you know anything else about Earth?" she asks calmly.  "Anything
useful?"

        "Not really.  The area's off limits to most.  But, I've heard Jurai
ships
pass through there."

        She stands and drops a few coins on the bar before turning to leave.
Her
usual serious look refuses to fade as she walks away.

        "Excuse me?" a voice asks.

        She turns and looks at the addresser.  A young woman with gray-blue
skin,
long blonde hair, and traveling attire.  "Yes?" she responds.  "What do you
want?"

        "My name's Tetra.  I've been traveling about for awhile, hoping to
get to
Earth.  Do you mind if I tag along?"

        A bit of annoyance is added to her face.  "What?  You want me to
take you
to Earth?"

        Tetra nods.  However, after hearing the irritated answer, her
expression
dampens a little.

        "And, what is so important on Earth?"

        "I-I heard that I might have relatives on Earth.  But, nobody will
take me
there.  The area's protected, after all."

        She turns towards Tetra.  "I know that."

        "I won't be much trouble," Tetra continues.  She pulls out a small
bag from
her pocket.  "I can pay you, if you want."

        She looks down at the bag, and then back at her.  "I'm not
interested in
your money.  I have enough of my own.  My name's Zelana."

        "Ah!  You're Zelana!  I've heard about you!"

        Zelana looks a bit more annoyed.  <Oh, great.  A hyper-chipper
little girl
wants to follow me to Earth.>  "Listen, Tetra.  I'll take you to Earth.
But, under one condition."

        "And what is that?" she asks a bit chipperly.

        "Either you calm down, or I'll drop you off where I see fit.
Understand?"

        Tetra jumps at the comment and tries to calm herself.  "I'm
sorry..."

        Zelana turns and walks away, grumbling a bit.  <This is going to be
a long
trip.>  "Let's go, Tetra."

        Tetra runs up to Zelana to catch up.  "This'll be fun, won't it?"

        <Oh, shut up.  Maybe I should've asked for payment.  To compensate
for her
exaggerated cheeriness.>

        "Are you always this crabby, Zelana?"

        <I hope I don't have to hit her.>  "No.  You're just getting on my
nerves."

        After a short walk, the pair approach a small craft.  Obviously well
cared
for as it looks new.  "Is this your ship, Zelana?"

        Zelana sighs.  Moments later, she enters the ship.  "Just get in.
How old
are you, anyway?"

        "Don't you know it's rude to talk about that subject?"

        "Well, I'm over 6000 years old.  Care to try and beat that?"

        "Damn.  I'm only ONE thousand years old."

        Zelana sits in a chair on the bridge.  "Yet, the maturity of a seven
year
old."

        "Hey!  What's that supposed to mean?"

        Zelana glances at her.  "Just sit down so we can take off."

        Tetra sits in the other chair on the bridge and begins to get
Zelana's
silent message.  "Am I annoying you?"

        Zelana looks to her and smirks.  "What do you think?"

        Tetra gives Zelana a sheepish look.  "I didn't mean to be a pain..."
She
turns towards the lighted counter behind her.

        "Don't touch anything!"

        Tetra shoots her hands up, "I wasn't going to!  I'm sorry!"

        Zelana ignores her and types in a few sequences.  Moments later, the
ship
takes off with less noise than expected.  <Here we go.  Here's to survival
of the nerves!>

==-==-==
        And, five agonizing days of Q&A later, Zelana dissipates her
reminisce.
Her usual cloak still draped around her, save for the hood which is down to
reveal her black hair.  Fortunately, for Zelana, Tetra is absent from the
room.

        Zelana looks to the blue world silently.  <I know you're down there,
somewhere.>  Her expression that of determination.  <Well, at least the brat
won't follow me around Earth.  She's got family to look for.>

        She looks to the window on the right and watches a metallic device
pass
slowly in front of her.  "Hmm..."  With a few keystrokes, Zelana's look of
depression from Tetra turns to joy.  "Now, let's see what this world's
about..."

        A door's hissing is heard from behind, as well as a few footsteps.

        "Sit!" Zelana shouts automatically.

        Tetra does so and snaps to her chair.  "Whatcha doin'?"

        <Wondering if your hair color affects your brain.>  "I'm scanning
the
media.  It should tell me more about the planet."

        Tetra looks ahead to the blue orb.  "It's so pretty!"

        "Yes, well, you'll get a closer view soon enough."  <Out an airlock,
or by
transport.  Doesn't matter to me!>  Zelana stands.  Her white cloak flows
off of the chair and nearly touches the floor.

        "Are you always going to be this mean to me?"

        Zelana sighs.  "I guess I haven't been very fair.  But, your
cheeriness is
getting on my nerves."  She walks out the door to the rear of the bridge,
and is followed by Tetra.

==-==-==
        On the planet below, Zelana pulls up her hood.  Around her, trees
hide
their presence from nearby onlookers.  And, under their feet, snow chills
them slightly.  "Tetra, you know what to do if you run into trouble, don't
you?"

        "I just return to the ship, right?"  She rubs her right hand, which
a clear
crystal adorns.

        "Right."  <I don't need her messing up my plans.>  "Remember that
your
crystal is empty.  But, it can be used to find other crystals.  According to
the ship's scanners, one of them shouldn't be too far from here."

        "Thanks for helping me, Zelana," Tetra replies.

        Zelana turns and walks away.  "Good luck, Tetra," she mutters.
After a few
steps, she jumps into the air and disappears.

        The blonde woman walks off in another direction as she begins her
quest.
As she passes tree after tree, her skin tone changes from gray-blue to a
Caucasian color.

==-==-==
        After a short flight, Zelana drops to the ground and ignores the
mountain
she just abandoned.  Once again, she hops into the air and prepares for a
much longer flight.

        However, this flight isn't going to be boring.  On Zelana's wrist,
next to
the odd circular piece of medal, a small device beeps quietly with both
sound and a flashing light.

        Almost reflexively, Zelana presses a button near the top of it.
"Report,"
she commands as she looks to the device.  And so it does.  The miniature
computer rattles off data about the planet such as population, technology,
transit, and so forth.

        An interesting line of data it shows different abilities used by
other
people.  Sword techniques, martial arts moves, and even some abilities that
aren't humanly possible.

        "Obviously, animation is a big deal on this planet," she comments
quietly.

==-==-==
        In another part of the world, Tetra continues to carefully continues
her
own quest.  As she walks, the sensation given by the Crystal increases.  Not
an uncomfortable sensation, but an unusual one.

        As she continues, she notes the vast number of trees which cover the
land.
Something about the trees seems familiar, but she seems to have lost the
meaning.

        And, continuing on, one thought passes her lips.  "Damn, it's cold
up
here!"  Tetra crosses her arms across her body to keep herself warm.  Or, at
least try.

        Finally, she comes to a wooden cabin with a smoking chimney.  "Oh,
good.  I
think someone's home!"

==-==-==
        The other quester, Zelana, drops to the ground and continues to
walk.  She
doesn't even bother to look back at the endless water she recently crossed.

        Zelana pulls out a small device from her cloak.  On the small
screen, a yet
smaller dot blinks slowly.  She puts the device away and leaps into the air.
  "I've got you now!"  As she flies, her body becomes completely
transparent.

        "Don't want to scare these people," she says quietly.  "After all,
they're
not the most technological species.  Yet."

        Zelana looks into the distance and sees where the device is leading
her.
"There you are!"  As she is close enough to her target, she drops to the
ground and rustles some leaves en-route.

        The forested area she dropped into seems to stretch for miles.  Yet,
her
query isn't far off.

        Zelana walks forward, slightly excited to finally find the one she's
been
searching for.  As she walks on, she stops to admire a single tree in these
vast woods.

        Strung to this particular tree are oddly shaped pieces of paper.
They seem
to be tied to the tree by a single thick rope.  Around the base and roots of
the tree is a moat with a few stone steps leading to it.

        Not far from the area, rustling of bushes is heard.  As a reflex,
Zelana
jumps into the tree to hide.  Though she is high enough to hide herself from
whoever is about to appear, she is able to watch for trouble.

        Curiously, a violet haired woman in a pink kimono walks through the
shrubbery.  She walks across the stone steps and finally stands near one of
the enormous roots.

        From inside the cloak, Zelana pulls out a handle with a round hilt.
Four
red gems are in a 'plus' formation around a circular indentation.  She
points the tool downward and watches as a glowing streamer drops from it.
It stops at the other woman's ankle without her knowing.

        Finally, with a quick motion, Zelana jumps down from the branch she
was
perched on and pulls on the hilt as she drops.  And, as she drops, the other
girl is pulled into the air.  When she hits the ground, she hops over to the
trunk of the giant tree and stabs the hilt into it, leaving the other woman
hanging from her ankle.  Her task complete, Zelana reveals herself and
replaces her tool to its original place.

        "Who are you?" she asks.

        "You don't know who I am, but I know who you are, Princess Ayeka."
She
looks to her captive and laughs on the inside as Ayeka desperately tries to
keep her kimono from draping downward.

        "How dare you treat Juraian royalty like this!  Get me down from
here!"

        Zelana walks up to her and meets Ayeka face to face.  "If you're
good, then
I'll let you down.  If not, well...  But, enough chat.  I'm looking for
Ryoko.  Have you seen her recently?"

        "Why do you want her?"

        "Uh-uh-uh!  I ask the questions.  Unless you like where you are."

        "I am not sure where she is."

        Zelana grimaces.  "Okay.  If that's all you know, then that's all
you
know."  Without another word, she walks off into the bushes Ayeka just came
from.  As she walks, she literally disappears into the background.

        "Wait a minute!" Ayeka screams.  "GET ME DOWN!!"

==-==-==
        Not far from the giant tree, a path has been made beyond a short
distance
of shrubbery.  Zelana walks calmly down the path, curious as to who would
have made it.  Along the path, a few flowers garnish the edges.  Flowers
that aren't exactly native to this world.  In fact, Zelana notices the
'Royal Teardrop' which only grows on Jurai.  And now, a good number of them
on Earth.

        As she continues to walk, Zelana sees that the landscape ahead is
very odd.
  Unlike the green grass path she came from, this area has less vegetation.
In fact, the vegetation is growing in rows.  As she grows closer, the rows
multiply unbelievingly.

        At the center of these fields, a lone man works feverently to uproot
the
dominating vegetation.  Carrots, in fact.  Nothing but carrots.

        Sitting nearby is a cabbit, doing it's all time favorite thing.
Eating the
new crops.  This well known creature, in fact, is her query's partner.
<Ryo-Ohki...> Zelana thinks to herself.  <Ryoko can't be far behind!>

        "Meow!" the cabbit shouts.  A moment later, she jumps to her feet
and bears
her teeth towards Zelana's hidden form.

        "What is it, Ryo-Ohki?" the boy asks.  A moment later, he looks in
the
direction Ryo-Ohki seems to be concerned about.  "Is someone there?"

        Zelana sighs and appears before Ryo-Ohki and the boy.  "I
underestimated
your cabbit.  I had not known it had such an acute sense of smell.  I'm
afraid I don't know who you are."

        "I'm Tenchi.  Tenchi Masaki.  Can I help you with something Miss..."

        "I am Zelana.  And, I am looking for Ryoko.  Have you seen her
recently?"

        "No.  I'm afraid not."

        Zelana's face remains unchanged.  However, something to her right
drags
away her attention.  She snaps her hand in that particular direction,
tossing the tool she used before.  However, this time, one foot of blade
heads the item.

        After a short flight, it stabs itself into a tree, six inches from
the
edge.  Although the target of this act remains unclear, a familiar
transition takes place.  "I'm impressed," the woman says.  "I thought I came
in silently."

        Zelana looks to the newcomer without changing her expression.  "Not
really.
  But, I have very good ears.  That, and I could feel the energy disturbance
in the air."

        "You ARE good.  So, who are you, kid?"

        <Kid?>  She holds out her hand, and the tool she launched returns to
her
palm, minus the blade.  As before, it disappears under her cloak to her left
side.  "Who am I, you ask?"  Zelana grabs at the collar of her cloak and
tosses the article away.  Underneath is an interesting outfit, to say the
least.  Black gloves stretch up to her elbows and end in a diagonal cut
upwards towards her body.  Similar pieces cover her legs up to her knees and
end in similar ways, but to the outside.

        A triangular black piece reaches from her shoulder joints to the
point
between her sternum and navel.  The portions of her breasts that aren't
covered by black are covered adequately by white.

        From her side, a piece climbs her stomach to meet the triangular
piece, and
goes back down to her other side.  Three inches lower, the bottom of the
piece parallels the course, revealing her white undergarment below it.

        To her left side, a leather loop is attached to her outfit which
holds not
one, but a pair of tools which she used before.  The ends of the handles are
attached, and the loop is secure just below the upper hilt.

        Her hair, which before was held to her body by the cloak, is tied
with a
one-foot braid.  The rest of her hair is thus held in check and makes a
fashionable tail.

        "I am Zelana-bounty hunter extraordinaire!  I have come to bring you
in,
Ryoko!"

        "Maybe.  But, do you think a flashy outfit and big talk is going to
help?"

        She smirks in amusement.  "Do you remember Dre'ca'to?" she asks
quietly.

        "Yeah, I remember that hotshot.  A thousand years ago, he was
finally
stopped.  Why do you ask?"

        "Do you remember the mark they found on his forehead?"

        "Something about four circles within a circle."

        Another smirk of enjoyment.  She grabs at her tool, and easily
detaches the
lower half.  With a quick movement, she stabs the round hilt into the
ground.  After a short flash, she raises the item to reveal a circular burn
mark in the ground with four other circles in a 'plus' formation.  "Now, do
you understand?"

        "You... beat Dre'ca'to?" Ryoko asks fearfully.  "How?  He's more
powerful
than I am!!"

        "It takes courage to admit something like that.  But, beating him
wasn't
easy.  I was tired, sore, and weakened.  But, I was victorious.  Two
straight days of fighting..."  She smiles again.  "I still have money from
that venture!  I wonder what kind of challenge you will be?"

        Ryoko's nervousness shows slightly.  "Zelana, there is something you
should
know.  I was cleared of my crimes after disappearing for 700 years."

        "Yes.  I know.  However, that is by Juraian rule.  There are other
planets
which have a longer statute of limitations.  Many still hold a grudge,
Ryoko.  You can come peacefully, or you can fight for your freedom."

        "I guess I have no choice then," she responds.  Amber energy swirls
into
her hand, coalescing into a ball.  She squeezes it, and forms a sword.  "I
have never given up on anything.  I'm not about to, now."

        The tool that hangs in Zelana's hand is gripped slightly tighter in
anticipation.  A glowing streamer tumbles out of the tool and hangs two feet
below, just an inch from the ground.  The streamer straightens and forms the
semblance of a blade.  Finally, the glow stops and is replaced by an almost
chrome shine.

        "Hold on a minute!" Tenchi interrupts.

        "Stay back, Tenchi," Ryoko states.  "I'll be alright."  She prepares
to
fight for her life, possibly.  Calming herself, charging herself, and
dropping any arrogance she may have.  As she does this, she studies her
opponent carefully.  She claims to have taken down a heavy hitter 1000 years
ago.  However, can she still be that powerful?  Or has age dampened her
abilities?  Last year, Ryoko regained her gems to put her at her peak.  A
necessary move, considering the Masaki family was pulled into a war months
later.

        Zelana, for her part, isn't acting any different.  She, too, is
studying
her opponent.  The action that put the blade on the hilt was nothing more
than elevating to Ryoko's situation.  To keep up, so to speak.  She, too, is
calming herself, charging herself, and dropping any arrogance she has at the
moment.  A moment ago, when explaining Dre'ca'to's situation, her arrogance
built up slightly.   That, however, is gone.  Now, she waits with her sword
in a horizontal grip.  Waiting for Ryoko to make the first move.

        And, so they wait.  Both waiting for the other to make the first
move.

        Almost unnoticed, two more girls approach the battlefield.  One with
a
large amount of red-pink hair and small stature while the other is a tall
woman with an enormous clump of blonde hair and a 'please don't fight'
expression.

        From another angle, another man appears.  An elder man with the
outfit of a
shrinekeeper.  Though he says nothing, his wise facial expression speaks
volumes.

        "I wonder where Sasami is?" Tenchi wonders.  "Everyone else seems to
be
here."

        "That would be my doing," the red-head states.  "I told her to stay
at the
house.  I knew it wouldn't be a good idea for her to see a fight at her age.
  Not with one of us involved, anyway."

        "And Ayeka?  She's not here either."

        "I'm sure she's hanging around somewhere," Zelana states with a
slight
smile.

        In the distance, birds fly away in flocks, squawking and chirping
very
fearfully.

        Ryoko is the first to move.  With a cry to the heavens, she charges
with
her sword prepared to strike.  She flies at a speed which is easy to follow
by the spectators.  However, Zelana stands firm.  Not even with her sword
up.

        That, however changes in a flash of chrome.  Ryoko's energy blade
comes
down, and is met by Zelana's sword.  Her face behind the blade seems
unchanged.  Calm but determined.  Two more would-be slashes are quickly
blocked by her with relative ease.

        Ryoko jumps back and lands in her original place.  "Okay.  You get
points
for speed.  But, how's your endurance?"  She dissipates her sword and flies
into the air, just above eye level.  Two spheres of energy form in her hands
with ease.  "Let's try something else!"  With that, she launches the balls
at Zelana.

        Without a twitch of fear, Zelana stands firm and dissipates the
blade on
her hilt.   A second later, the attack strikes her stance and creates a
small cloud of gray smoke.

        "Strikeout!" Ryoko states.

        A force of energy parts the cloud.  The first visible object is a
spiral
shield with Zelana's tool at the center.  Behind the said piece is Zelana
herself without so much a change in expression.  Still serious.  Her shield
disappears, leaving the tool as a handle and hilt.  "Is that it?"  She
stands straight to await her answer.

        "No!  I'm just warming up!"

        "Well.  At least one of us is."

        "Was that arrogance I heard?" Ryoko asks.

        "Heavens no.  That was truth!"

        Ryoko tenses a bit.  <She certainly is good with that thing.
But...>
"Tell me, Zelana.  Why are you after me?  Am I the only bounty left?"

        "Of course not.  You're special.  At least to Nagi, you are."

        "Nagi?  What's she have to do with this?"

        "Well, one day, I met her.  I told her she was a cold vindictive
bitch.  I
told her that I thought the only reason she still wants to bring you in
because she can't!  You kick her ass all the time, which drives her want to
bring you in to the roof."

        "Is that her problem?"

        "I told her I could bring you in without a problem.  She said I
couldn't
beat you."

        "Don't forget that Nagi wants to kill me."

        "But, I want you alive.  That way, you can sit in jail where she
CAN'T kill
you."  Zelana smiles.  "I want you in jail to piss off Nagi."  Her statement
released, Zelana calms herself again and tries to push out her arrogance.

        "You're bringing me in for a bet?"

        "No.  I'm bringing in a criminal.  A few planets still want you in
ail,
Ryoko."

        Ryoko dives with her sword.  Zelana creates a sword on her tool and
blocks
it.  "Well, there's something you should know."

        Zelana blocks a couple swings.  "And what is that?"

        "I don't play fair!"

        Zelana disappears and watches from afar and above as two Ryokos
battle
momentarily.  She shakes her head in partial amusement.  "As if that would
work..."

        Both Ryokos throw their swords at Zelana.  The amber energy cuts
through
the air as if nothing.  From Zelana's side, she grabs her other tool.  Not a
second later, she spins them both in front of her to create small twin
shields.  Just a moment after creation, the amber weapons bounce off.  The
round metal disappears from both, and is replaced by blades on both.
Finally, she attaches the handles.  "Well?"

        Both Ryokos fly up and start to slash with their swords.  Both of
which are
blocked.  Ryoko A fights on the left while Ryoko B fights on the right.
Both continue to slash, but both are continually blocked.  Finally they
combine into one once more to fight more effectively.

        Zelana keeps up with the action and dissipates one of the blades.
Though
the handle is longer then she would like, she is able to deal with it.
Block after block, yet still no attack of her own.  And still with the
unopinionated expression.

        Ryoko, while not looking tired, seems to be annoyed that Zelana
won't go on
the offensive.  "What is your strategy, anyway?  Afraid to fight me?"

        Zelana blocks a swordstroke and jams her fist into Ryoko's gut.
"Satisfied?"

        Ryoko winces in pain.  "Very...."

==-==-==
        It's been an hour since she was put into this position.  An
embarrassing
position, to say the least.  "Would someone get me down from here?" she
complains quietly.

        Of all the things she wants, she would like nothing more than to
have blood
flow to something other than her head.  A very painful feeling as it's been
built up for quite a long time.

        The fact that her body is poorly circulated takes its toll as she
has had
to drape her arms and be forced to abandon her current need for modesty.
Slowly, she begins to pass out.

        Mercifully, her body drops suddenly.  The cold water below her is
greatly
needed to awaken her.  Slowly, weakly, she climbs out of the water to the
green grass beyond.

        "Are you alright?" a voice asks.  The owner of the voice grabs her
by the
arms and pulls her to her feet.

        Immediately, the woman begins to feel the blood in her body return
to its
proper place.  She looks to her rescuer but finds the sun directly behind
her head, which shadows her face.  "Who are you?"

        The woman bends down a bit to show a huge amount of blonde hair and
a dark
tone of skin.

        "Mihoshi?" she says quietly.

        "No.  My name's Tetra.  You're not hurt, are you?"

        "No...  I am not.  Tetra...  I have a question for you."

        "Yes?"

        "What has happened to your hair?"

==-==-==
        The fight continues as it has for a long time.  Sword to sword.
Though
Zelana doesn't seem to be sweating, Ryoko certainly looks exhausted.  But,
finally, she summons her remaining resources and smashes her sword into
Zelana's.  The effect she was waiting for finally happens as the prized
tool/weapon is sent hurtling to the ground.  She uses Zelana's surprise to
kick her in the stomach.

        "So much...for your toy!"

        Zelana looks surprised, but not upset to have her 'toy' planted into
the
ground.  "So?"  She rubs the recently attacked part of her body.  "Is that
supposed to be a problem?"

        Ryoko screams in fury and throws a punch.  "Shut up!"

        Zelana grabs Ryoko's wrist and moves behind her.  As she does, her
free arm
goes around Ryoko's neck.  "No, I do not mind that I have been disarmed.  A
real fighter uses their body as a weapon just as much or more than a
material possession."

        "Now what?" Ryoko asks.  "Are you going to kill me?"

        "I said I wouldn't."  She dives, and crashes into the ground.  When
the
dust clears, Ryoko is sprawled out on the carrot field while Zelana stands
nearby.  "It's over, Ryoko."

        Ryoko slowly picks up herself from the ground.  Small rocks fall off
of her
shoulders as her sore body rises from the earth.  "Not...yet..."  Her face
shows her pain as blood trickles down from certain places.

        "Ryoko!" Tenchi shouts.  He attempts to run for her, but his held
back by
Washu.

        "This is her fight, Tenchi," she says quietly.  "If she needs help,
she'll
ask."

        "But..."

        "Listen to her, Tenchi," Ryoko states.  "This is my fight.  I must
end it."

        "Zelana!!" a high voice shouts from a short distance away.  "Stop!"

        Zelana grimaces at the voice, but looks none-the-less.  "Tetra...
What are
you doing here?" she asks.  "I thought you were looking for your family."

        "I have something more important to tell you.  Your mother is on
Earth!"

        To say the least, this catches Zelanaís attention.  "What?!  She's
HERE?"

        "Yes, she is."

        "Where?"

        "What?"

        "Where is she?"

        "Um..."

        "Tetra..." she says angrily.  "Where is she?"

        "I don't know..." she responds sheepishly.  "I left before I could
remember
to ask."

        Zelana suppresses the need to kill the blonde.  She decides to save
that
for later.  "Ryoko," she addresses.  "I'm afraid that I'll have to wait to
finish this.  Something more important has come up."  She grabs her cloak
and wraps it around her body.

        "Wh...at?" Ryoko asks.  "You're just going to leave?"

        "Yes.  There are more important things than money.  Or joy in Nagiís
suffering.  Family, for instance."

        "You mean...  you beat me up for nothing?"

        "Pretty much.  No hard feelings?  I was just following my
profession."

        "I'll get you next time, kid."

        Zelana turns and walks away.  She is followed closely by Tetra.  As
they
walk, Zelana snatches the crystal from Tetra's hand.  "Idiot," she mutters.

        Ryoko watches them walk off just before she passes out.
Immediately, her
fellow family members run to her side.

==-==-==
        Not far away, the pair of aliens walk towards Zelana's new goal.
"Next
time, try to find out where she is.  I must know where Mystic is hiding."

-End-
