/*
 * Tenchi Muyo TV! Universe: The Zero Project.
 * Written by Tenchiken and Ryan Anderson
 * Tenchi Muyo is the creation of Hiroki Hayashi and Kajishima
 * and is owned by Pioneer.
 *
 * This story occurs in the TV storyline, and has _nothing_ to do
 * with my Other Tenchi Fanfiction "Heaven and Earth".
 * The first part of this story occurs at the same time as some of the events
 * of episode 26.
 *
 * In episode 25, it really seems that Ryouko has died. Then, in 26 she pops
 * up like nothing has happened to her. Likewise, little is explained
 * on the reasons the rest of them returned. Of the returnees, why Washu
 * in particular returned. This story is an attempt to tell that tale.
 *
 * Many thanks to the pre-readers and Audrey. Obviouslly much thanks
 * to Ryan who helped flesh out the story.
 *
 * THIS IS TV STORYLINE. RYOUKO IS NOT WASHU'S DAIGHTER. THERE ARE
 * NO LIGHTHAWK WINGS. AEKA IS ONLY 17 YEARS OLD. Anyone who asks
 * about these things will be torched.
 *
 * Thank you ahead of time for reading this fic.
 * If you read this story, please send me C&C at tenchiken@narf.com.
 */

The entire universe, had stoped, the collective wind knocked out of
it by a coup, and then a battle, and then the death of a emperor.
[N/A]
                        Feed level [LIVE]
                        Location [JURAI PRIME]
                        Anchor Status [CG-GEN]
                        Subject Status [New Jurain Emperor to be Crowned]
                        Importance [FLASH-EXTRA-FLASH]
                        C80.S Jurai Standard Time
<Holofeed downlink comencing in 5.4.3.2.1>

A Jurain face appeared in the 3d Holo Projection, and began to deliver his report. In the

background, a computer generated image of Jurai Prime with its two counter rotating defense
planetoid appeared. Addressing the unseen audience he began:

"A Jurain emperor has died at the hands of a Mortal. Not since Kain had any such event
occurred, and not since the Rim Wars has such a watershed event occurred. Two months ago,
The Lord Yousho appeared to us once more, and took his legacy, the thrown of the Jurain
empire."

In the subchannels, images of Yousho's coronation were displayed.

"Yesterday, Lord Yousho was revealed to be a fake, by the grandson of the real Lord Yousho.

This morning at Mark 20 Jurain Time, a battle occurred between this boy, Tenchi Masaki by
Birth and the fake emperor who was revealed to be Kagato, a onetime contender for the
thrown."

In the subchannels, picture of a battle between the Kagato and Tenchi was displayed. Rather
then the onsided battle that had occured, a computer generated battle was displayed, with
sword ranging too and froo. finally, in a burst of energy, Tenchi leapt far into the sky,
and brought his sword down on Kagato, who then dissolved in a splash of white against dark.

"To add more to the story" The anchor continued, "The legendary Yousho fought and lost
against this Kagato. The story of this boy is truly what legends are made of. For a special
report, we now go to our correspondent in the Rimworld section 112, close to Terra, reputed
homeworld of the soon to be crowned emperor."

With this, the location switched to the GP station orbiting Beta Pictoris F, a new young
volcanic planet.

This reporter was clearly from the GP alliance, given away by her pointed ears, and cat like
eyes.

"Thank you. Already out here, a blockade has been formed around the terran system, home to
Lord Yousho and his now famous grandson. Little details can be found of this world since it
is now cut off from the rest of the universe, what we know is this. The world is a small
world, the third in its system. The culture is primitive, but only one or two hundred marks
from being a space age colony. It actually lies in GP mandated space, but that space has
already been handed over to Jurai in preparation for the emperor's coronation. The GP has
had a small station there for observation purposes only for several years, yet the fact that
this station was manned by Detectives Kiyonne Makabi, and Mihoshi Kurmitsu indicate that the
GP was aware of at least some of the more unusual occupants of the Planet, and responded by
posting two of the upcoming detectives on the planet.

More interesting perhaps is the fate of Washu, the famed scientist. Suffering banishment for
the incident at Pegasi 51, where she spun a gas giant out of it's orbit and into the sun.
She appears to have landed on earth. Her role with the new emperor is as yet, unknown.
Whatever the role of Washu, it will only be a matter of time before Terra joins the Jurain
Empire, perhaps as the capital world of the ring worlds.

>From Beta Pictoris, this is Jurain Holofeed Anchor 321-c, signing off."
After the commercials, the Anchor came back. This time with a computer generated backdrop of
the palace, and the central throne room.

"The new emperor had not yet been crowned, but he is in the capital right now convening a
royal Court. Present at the court, and presumably the chief of his ministries is the Lord
Yousho. Aeka Jurai, the crown princess of the Masati family is rumored also to be present at
the royal court. In fact, she is rumored to be the lover of this new prince. The very
prospect of an interfamily marriage has the royal experts pleased, as a marriage may cut off
the possibility of family warfare and politicking."
In the Holo subchannel, a picture of a cover of a novel appeared. The title "The Emperor, my
Love."

"In fact", the reporter continued, "The word is allready on the street that the publishing
firm of Asahi limited will be realizing a fictional holo novel of this rumoured affair, the
princess has made no comments about the rumours truth."

The sub channel displayed a picture of Mihoshi and Kiyonne in dress uniforms.

"Early reports of the rest of the court is just as interesting. GP detectives Kiyonne Makabi
and Mihoshi Kurmitsu are rumoured to have the Emperors ear. At the very least, they have
been posted at the GP embassy around Jurai Beta, well within the summon of the emperor.
Politcal analysts are allready singing the praises for this move, hoping that it will help
tie Jurai closer to the GP alliance."

The sub channel now displayed the picture of Nagi.
"Bounty hunter Nagi is rumored to control the young princes fleet. This fleet saw battle
around Jurai Prime, and also the ancient capital at Calias."

The sub channel shows a series of strikes between large battleships. One ship resembling a
Jurain Battleship, the other the Souja. Behind them huge fleets attacked and counter
attacked, always being out dueled by the fake computer generated fleet.
"In a move of respect, Naga and her fleet have departed from the area, and the Jurain fleet
has been moved in, to support the young prince."
A Holo projection of Washu appeared, her fingers stretched in a "V."

"Friend of the young prince, and rumored confident Professor Washu has been granted the
assistant deanship of the Jurain Royal Space Academy. However, rumor has it from the academy
that this position was granted to her in honor of her work in synthetic life forms, and not
because of any pressure from the Jurain Royal Council, a body reeling to deal with the
loss of Kagato a man whose reign they supported whole heartily."

The subchannel now pictured Ryouko.
"However, the most interesting, and possibly alarming member of the court was the space
pirate Ryouko. Although she had never struck Jurai proper, her misdeeds were well enough
known for her name to become a swear word among the more tortured outer planets."

In the subchannel, lists of world that Ryouko hit, and the target were listed. Several of
her more violent attacks were not listed.

"Being no doubt aware of the political ramifications of her prescene, the future emperor
seemed to have sent her away from Jurai. Her ship, Ryo-oh-ki was last seen departing the
royal tree several days ago. No one had seen her since."
"Turn it off" a voice interrupted.

Washu in the midst of a huge device, a visor pulled over her eyes as both her hands fairly

flew over the keys embedded in the arms of the chair. Massive numbers of cables and tubes
seemed to sprout from both the helmet and the chair she was plugged into and never-slowing
pulse of information.

The student had seen it all before, however... "What are you doing,
Sensei?"

"You're familiar with the concept of the dive-chair, right?"
The student merely smirked. "Of course, I had to build one as part of my senior thesis..."
"Well... while physically this might look much like one, it bares little internal
resemblence. Instead of merely diving into the datastream, I've specially modified this one
to do far more... Now go over to the temporal-state-analyser console and enter a few
co-ordinates for me."

The student, one Daisuke Kuridan, took a moment to look quisically at the entombed teacher.
Washu had such a reputation that as soon as he heard that she was going to be coming back to
the university he'd pulled every string he could get his hands on to become her research
assistant... pretty much all throughout his 500 years as a scientist, he'd followed her
work, and been truly amazed at the genius of this legendary scientist... that chance to work
for her seemed just to good to be true.. but the reality seemed much dimmer than the raw
genius he had expected.. Since her return a few weeks ago, she'd done nothing but treat him
like an undergrad, completely ignoring him whenever he tried to present one of his ideas to
her, while she used him like slave labor for the most menial data-entry tasks... it was
truly demeaning. And What works of brilliance had she shown him? a dive chair.. a hideously
antiquated piece of history from nearly 5000 years ago before the technology for was shrunk
to the size of a pin head and embedded in jackhead's skulls.
"Well, what are you waiting for? just do it already!"

Sighing, he grudgingly marched over to the console and began plugging in the the numbers
Washu rattled off... A temporal state analyser? please... he had two of these half the size
that did twice as much sitting in his apartment collecting dust right now! Greatest
scientific mind in the Universe my ass....

"Ha! that's it! Now throw the switch on the left!"

Switch on the left? This model of temporal analyzer didn't have a.. hmm...

As soon as the switch was thrown, the whole room began to shake... three strange pillars
standing seemingly at random in the room suddenly burst to life with crackling electricity
and began rotating in ever quickening circles... Now this, this was different. In surprise
Daisuke could do nothing more than stand and gape...
As the three pillars spun faster and faster, Washu's image in the middle slowly began to
blur and stretch, almost as if space were bending around her... then, just as suddenly,
everything stopped.

In suprise, Daisuke looked around, and realized that they had dropped into subspace. The

dive chair stood in the middle of a floating island.
Above them was a unreal starry night, below them many more islands. Everything was green and
lush. The deepest blue imaginable lit the sky, yet there was no sun, only a pair of moons in
the distance.

In the distance was a tree of unearthly proportions, which dwarfed everything else in the
sky. From the top of one of it's branches, a waterfall formed, spraying moisture on
everything below.

Washu stepped out of her seat, and walked out and took in the view. Daisuke seemed to have

finally snapped out of his suprise, and timidly asked "Washu sensei, where are we?"
Washu shot him a quick grin. "You are only the second person to ever see this sight. Welcome
to the Boundary."

At this Daisuke who was not yet fully recovered from the first shock, lapsed into shock
again.

"But that's impossible, all Upper-Dimensional equations rely on the proof that it is
impossible to reach Boundary Subspace."

"Hai, that they do." Washu replied with a teasing voice.
"But if we are really here." He stammered.
"Hai, that we are." Washu continued smiling.
"But then all the science classes...."
"Were worthless" Washu responded, with a little "V" just to drive to point home.
"How is this possible? He asked, completely confused and upset at this point.
"Ahh.. Finally an intelligent question" Washu smiled, as she walked over to a small cottage
that was concealed in the shubbary.

Touching the door, she quietly walked in. Careful not to disturb any dust that had collected
over the years. Pausing with each step, as if savoring the moment, she gently walked over to
a cot on the side of the wall. Behind her, as if realizing that he was in a holy personal
space, Daisuke stayed at the door, watching Washu-sensei's action.
Quietly and gently, she lifted the cot, and revealed a little compartment below. Out of this
compartment she took an elegantly crafted box. Beckoning her student over to her she opened
to box slowly. Inside were three red gems. Daisuke stood, and just stared at the gems,
noting the unearthly glow they cast about the room. Washu stared at them for a moment, and
then took them out of the container.

"What are they?"

"Magic" Washu responded.

"Magic?" Daisuke stammered at his teacher.

"Anything that can not be described by science is Magic."

"But everything can be described using science...."

"Really?" Washu responded.

Daisuke nodded, and took in these words of wisdom. Washu watched intently to see if Daisuke
really understood what she had said, or weather or not the academy had drilled all though
from his mind. "But perhaps there is something else" he Finally admitted.
Washu smiled, and then slowly walked out into the unreal world that surrounded this place.
Staring for a moment at the enormous tree, she started to walk back to the place that they
had appeared from. Smiling at Daisuke, she spoke in a quiet voice.
"How would you like to see the greatest experiment ever?" She asked, her voice full of
intrigue and promise.

*       *       *       *       *
Two Weeks Later
*       *       *       *       *

<Holofeed downlink -    Encryption status [80D-%610S Key - Regent Request]
                        Feed level [30 Minute Delay - Regent Request]
                        Location [JURAI Council Chambers]
                        Anchor Status [CG-GEN]
                        Subject Status [Royal Status]
                        Importance [ROYAL Priority]
                        C80.S Jurai Standard Time [Two Earth Weeks Later]
<Holofeed downlink comencing in 5.4.3.2.1>

"Washu Chan?" Daisuke asked quietly, "What's up?"
Washu said nothing, but was attentively watching the holoset, as the newscast began. Daisuke
quickly focused on the channel.

Projected in front of him was the Jurain Royal Council Chambers. It was a newsfeed, although
he noted with some amusement that Washu had broken the "unbreakable" new Jurain Quantum
Cipher to get the newsfeed 30 minutes earlier then the rest of the world. The senior
mathematicians at the academy had proved that it was unbreakable, and yet here it was.
A disembodied voice spoke from off of screen, while the hologram changed as the members of
the council walked in, and took their seat.

"Thank you Ayan" the reporter responded to her CG generated counterpart in some studio
somewhere. "It truly is an amazing sight here in the council chambers. For the first time in
perhaps a millenium, the majority of the council has been seated. The only seats not filled
are those of the emperor and queen. If this session goes as planned, inside word is that
both of those seats may be filled today."

Daisuke looked in suprise. Washu was still studying the projection intensly
but now had a slight sneer. Somehow Daisuke never figured Washu for one who
would be interested in politics. Somehow, it seemed too mundane for her.
"Indeed, much of the capital has been buzzing with rumours that new discovered crown prince,
Tenchi, will be wed by the end of the day to the current crown princess Aeka Jurai Masaki.
Such a move would stabilize the position of the increasingly weak Masaki family. It would
also provide a solid rebuttal to the attempts of the Yuki family to take the next rotation
of the crown via a marriage of Seriyou Yuki to Aeka Jurai Masaki, or possibly Sasami Jurai
Masaki."

Then, as if on cue, Seriyou entered the room flocked by courtiers and servants.
Of Medium height, and skinny build, he sat down. His eyes were the cold purple that the
Jurain blood was famous for. However, his most striking feature was his pink hair, at the
sight of which, Washu began laughing like a deranged chipmunk.
Daisuke looked at her suprised. Washu managed to stammer out before collapsing back in
laughter that " He would never survive the wedding night." Not knowing a great deal about
Jurai Wedding customs, he just smiled and noded.
On the holoscreen, two men walked in, donned in traditional Jurai Knight garb. Instantly a
hush fell over the crowd as the two men took seats that had so long been vacant.

The reporter noticed the entrance, and continued:

"Today's council meeting is also important because of the resurrection of the Jurain
Knights. It has been 700 years since the Knights were last present at a council meeting.
Since their revival, the Jurain Guard has been forced to give up two of its four seats to
maintain tradition. The fact that the guards have never been able to absorb the Knights, and
bring all of Jurai's defenses into one net has also been a source of frustration of the
Guard."

"The Guard is also not happy about the re-emergence of the Knights because the Jurain
Emperor is usually the most powerful of the Jurain warriors. Therefore a disproportionate
number of Knights have also been emperors through recorded history. Since the Knights were
members of the Young Heir's entourage, it is unlikely that they will create a power schism,
since the Young Heir's rule seems to be uncontested."

On the viewscreen a hush fell over the crowd, as the Crown Princess, Aeka Jurai Masaki
entered the room. A small shock rippled through the crowd as they observed her condition.
Her eyes were covered in entirely too much makeup, without doubt convering the signs of a
long cry.

The rest of the council was quickly seated. As the regent ordered the council to session,
The holovid camera's focused in on Aeka. Watching the screen carefully, Daisuke was shocked
at her appearance. Washu gave the princess a quick look over, and then whispered in a sad
tone, "Poor Girl, she tried to force his hand...."
Daisuke looked at Washu in suprise, and then asked her "But why would the heir turn her
down, it was a perfect political situation." With scorn in her eyes, Washu responded curtly:
"Not everything is political, Tenchi is a romantic, he still believes in true love. He also
believes in family. Tenchi didn't rescue Aeka because he was in love with her or to defeat
Kagato, rather because she was a member of his family. Aeka knew that, but tried to force
the issue anyways" Daisuke looked at Washu closely.
"And your next qustion is?" Washu-sensei asked. Daisuke looked at Washu confused yet again.
"Royalty are Human too" She prompted. Given the go ahead, Daisuke asked "Why would she try
to force the issue?"
Washu, as if anticipating the qustion replied, "Because the rival for Tenchi's heart is
dead, Tenchi doesn't know it yet, but there is no way Aeka wouldn't know, with the Jurain
Intelegence Service."
"Her Rival?" Daisuke asked, suddenly catapulted into a Soap Opraish world.
"Hai" is all Washu responded. Then she turned around and faced her experement, as behind her
Aeka Jurai Masaki was speaking on the holo vid.
Aeka stood to adress the council, in her hand a piece of paper, Royal seal intact and
unbroken. Breaking the seal, she stood and read:

" To the Members of the Jurain Council, This shall be my first and only decree"  Aeka read,
part of the sentence choking in her throat. A look of horor fell upon the council. For some,
this was soon replaced with a sly grin.

"For all of your hospitality, I thank you. Likewise, for your friendship and support I
likewise give thanks. However, Jurai is not now, nor has it ever been my home. When my
grandfather turned down the thrown many years ago, he did so knowing that it was the right
decision. I likewise have no doubts as to taking the thrown. I look in a mirror, and it is
not a face of an emperor that I see, rather the face of a plain Earthling. I have neither
the tact nor the experence to do this job. To take the thrown would be both iresponsible to
you whom would call me master, and to myself. Therefore, I hereby abdicate the thrown to
Aeka Jurai Masaki, in the hopes that she will rule with compassion, with love and with
responsibility. If she is unable to rule, or dies without an heir, I hereby appoint Sasami
Jurai Masaki as her successor, and the Jurain Knight Azaka regent in her stead."
At this Azaka looked shocked. Clearly Tenchi had not told him of this choice.
"I again wish you all peace and prosperty. This abdication is permenent. I will not now, nor
ever entertain the thrown."

With a somber spirt, Washu flipped off the Holovid projection.

"You knew this was going to happen didn't you?" He asked her.

"Hai, there is too much of Yousho in him, or perhaps too little. This decision was hard on
him, yet somehow, he still made the right decision. Allways for the family."
"Because he could never balance his family and the Jurain court he would become like his
father, never home, always caring and allways seperated." Tenchi never knew her, but his
grand mother was like that. Always taking the next step in career, and never at home. No
mater how great the love it was never allowed to bloom and so his mother grew up without a

mother.

Daisuke noticed an interesting look on Washu's face.

"Now it is time that we should ho to bed, it is getting late, and the experement
will occur soon"

"Hai Washu-chan, good night". Daisuke murmed as he trudged off to bed. As sleep
gently claimed him, he still could not help but wonder what mystery lay ahead.

Washu looked into the vat of bubbling blue-green fluid that currently dominated the floor of
her lab to the casual observer, the tank appeared completely empty, but it wasn't totally as
it appeared... hovering in the center of the tank were the three gems, placed in an exactly
equilateral triangle. To slackers like Diasuke, this all probably seemed very bizarre and
abstract, but Washu knew better.. she could feel the power crackling between the gems as the
charged ether-vapor bubbled through them. Soon it would be time to start adding the Mass,
and time to make up for a mistake 700 years ago.

<Holofeed downlink -    Encryption status [NSFNE - Coverage Feed]
                        Feed level [LIVE]
                        Location[Grand Ballroom/Masaki palace]
                        Anchor Status [CG-GEN]
                        Subject Status [Royal Status]
                        Importance [Filler]
                        C80.S Jurai Standard Time [That Night]
>

It had been a harsh day and the reporter's face showed it. Full of panels of so called
experts bantering back and forth about the ramifications of this decision. Personally, she
rather would have reported on the Sal'ik races on Jurai Beta, but that was not an option.
Word was that the Yuki family had already made a bid for the new crown princesses hand.
Political lackeys were already forecasting the death of the Masaki family, regardless of a
political marriage.

It was announced that the queen would be crowned next week. Kagato had executed the previous
emperor, and thus she was the only real choice until the next wave of politics settled.
Still, Jurai had lost 4 emperors over the last one hundred years. It was not good odds that
Aeka's reign would be any longer.

Since this was only background material for the news feed, the reporter thanked Kami that
she had no narration. For once, she just had to direct the Vid-bots, and sit back.
Speaking of which, the reporter aimed the cambot at the door, as the Crown Princess Aeka and
Princess Sasami entered the room. The day was clearly wearing on Aeka as she was surrounded
by a flock of political pundits. Princess Sasami also looked depressed, but her new regent
Azaka stood by to give support.

It was all very well, the reporter thought. "The girl is younger then I am. That's a huge
burden for anyone to carry." But still, she thought "To be Princess for a day."

        *       *       *       *       *
A kind word, a polite smile... and hand shake here, a nod there... It was
all she could do to keep from screaming. The false politeness and
strained smiles seemed each like shards of glass being thrust into her
soul. Didn't they understand? Couldn't they feel her loathing of them?

She hated them, hated them all... it was there fault he had left...

Slowly she made her way toward the door. One more polite nod, two more
friendly greetings, one more....

The crisp evening air shocked her system as she stepped out into fading
sunlight after an entire day cloistered with her "close advisors" when all
she had wanted to do was run far away, lose herself in her misery, scream
to what ever kami would listen her horrible pain.

But she could not, for she was a princess.

No, worse, she was about to become an queen.

A queen, a true monarch, ruling alone on her lofty thrown, cold and dead..
nothing more than a figure head propt up by the masses who needed a
symbol. Once it was all she wanted, to server her people faithfully and
fully, giving her life for them, knowing that her entire existance was
dedicated to giving them the saftey and protection that only she could
provide. It seemed like such a nice fantasy when she was a girl... She was
better than all the others, she was their queen, destined since birth to
rule, and as such she had no need of mortal concerns.. her only thoughts
were those of her people.

She had never wanted to be a girl, one of those silly slyphs who gossiped
their days away and ran home to some stud for what her youthful
imagination had always scene as something base and ignoble. Yet now.. what
would she give to be normal? to go running home to tenchi for just such a
reason? She had never believed in love as a young girl. The whole idea
seemed silly to her. She was going to be a queen someday, after all, and
how could the love of any one person possibly compare to the love she would
hold for her people? and their love for her would keep her from ever being
lonely....

Well, she had certainly been half right. It seemed no love could come
between here and her people... but only now she hated them, hated them all
for taking Tenchi from her.

Or was it her fault that tenchi had left?

Why? why couldn't he have been content to live and rule by her side? he
was strong, he had every right to be there... but he wouldn't. He couldn't
concieve of putting duty before love... and oh how she wished to be that
love...

The palace gardens were breaktakingly beautiful as she strode through
them, lost in her thoughts, but their buty seemed alien to her now... what
did mere plants know of beauty? they had never gazed into his eyes.... and
now Ryoko was dead. That thought should have at least brought her some
comfort, but it didn't. It was just one more sign that things would never
be the same again, that this wasn't some awful dream that she'd wake up
from and be right back at the tenchi house, fighting with Ryoko over
tenchi's affections. She tried to take solace in the fact that she hadn't
lost to Ryoko, in the end, but it was a bitter sweet ending. Someone
should have got him, if only so she could be angry with them, yell and
scream and take out her anger on them for stealing tenchi away from her,
but there was nobody. Nobody but her people.... the one love she could
never hide from, never truely hate, and never turn her back on.

that was all she had left now, her love for them, even if she hated them
at the same time...

Slowly she turned back toward the palace, tired and feeling old beyond her
years. She had to get some rest... this evening was a party on her behalf,
and her people needed her.

And so she walked, quietly and weakly back to the palace. Behind her she heard the
familiar whine of a Ryu-Oh cruiser as it left Jurai, it's destination well known
to her heart, she whispered "Sayonara, Tenchi."

        *       *       *       *       *

"Now daisuke-kun!"

With a throw of a switch, and a verbal command to the DLR, Washu's great machine
was set into motion.  Daisuke could feel the immense power Washu's unorthadox
generator whip thru the room, as if resonating with his soul.

He had never felt so alive.

Without the hesitation or fear he probably should have been feeling at the
dangerously high levels of free-form energy ripping accross the room, he
leapt to do as Washu-sensei commanded, pressing the plunger down on a
sirenge filled with a gray-brown sludge, injecting it into a tube leading
to the rolling, boiling vat of churning blue-green in the center of the
room.

Now *this* was science!

Washu-sensei seemed more like an archane sorcerer than the universe's most
brilliant scientist as she stood upon her floating cushion, dozens of
etheric displays spining around her as her hands flew in a blur of typing
and button pushing, swing around her as if conducting the greatest
orcastra science had ever known.

Sparing her only a moment's glance, daisuke darted to the other side of
the vat, squeezing off a value here, throwing a switch there, all in the
precise order Washu-chan had laid out.

With a wild grin, he burst out laughing from the sheer joy of it.
All his life he had thrilled to the purity of science, the numbers that
told the tale of life itself, giving power unlike anything found in the
galaxy, but this, this was more... Now quietly tinkering with a gadget in
a sterile lab, no fighting through beaurocratic red tape to do a simple
expirment... here the power of science ruled supereme as thought seemingly
was given form with no effort, the very limits of existance seemed within
his reach!

This was life.

        *       *       *       *       *

It was nearly done, Washu reflected. Around her the great machine began to
slowly come to life. Stealing a brief second away from her work she observed
her would be protoge as he danced about the room in mad joy.

"He's been seduced" Washu thought to herself. "Just like I was."

No more time was left for further ponderence, as Washu lost herself in her calulations.
        *       *       *       *       *

It was all so very stupid. Or at least, that is what Sasami told herself. One Royal metting
after another. Suffocating, stupid, a waste of time, useless, moronic and thoose were just
the polite words that came to mind. Unlike Terran swear words, which tended to deal with
bodily functions, all of Jurai's impolite words were terms used in meetings. Somehow it was
all so appropriate.

It was bad enough that she was at council again after the freedom she had experenced on
earth. It was even harsher being forced to listen to the prattle of the various nobles.

Beside her, she heard Kamadike snifle a giggle. She quickly blushed as she realized that he
had been watching her. Then see joined in as she realized that he too felt the same way. On
her other side, Azaka shot them both a stern look, but even he was not able to hide a small
glimmer in his eyes which betrayed that he felt the same.

Sasami knew what these meetings were about. Aeka realized that her postion inside
the Jurai Clans was very week. The lesser families were hoping to capitilize on it,
trading their support for a closer relationship to the crown. Given time, these

relationships might be enough to hold off the other families. Aeka was nothing if
not a consumate politician.

And so Sasami was forced to sit and listen to the demands of the lower house. Some
of them requesting formal trading alliances. Many requested a royal intervention in some

manner or another in their local sphere of influce.

Sasami watched as Aeka bobbed and weaved around the requests. Appearing to grant
all their wishes, but commiting to nothing.

Then with a rush of air, the doors to the hall were opened. Proceding their guest,
a royal fanfare announced the enterence of a royal family. If not for the fact
that the overbearing enterence allready gave it away, the pink and gold crest of
the Yuki family identified the haughty visitors.

As protocol dictated, the keeper of the house honor first knelt before Aeka, then
the patriarch of the Clan, and finally, the Heir to the House of Yuki, Seriyou came
to face before Aeka.

"My Lady, it is great to once again see the face of a Masaki Clan ruler on the throne. For

many years now, the harsh political winds have divided our country. We of the Yuki clan feel

that now is the time to start healing rifts."

Sasami watched as a chess game began to emerge between her sister and this noble.

Aeka responded smartly and curtly "It is well then, I assume that you mean that your
family will once again support the Masaki clan"

Seriyou smiled as he countered. "That is certainly not out of the qustion, however,
we feel that the House of Masaki has grown to weak to continue to rule the empire by
itself."

Aeka smiled, the endgame of this chess match revealed. "The Masaki dynasty is still the most
powerfull of the clans" Seriyou refused to grant that point, instead responding "That may be
so, but not nearly as much as what was. The Dynasty is only a shadow of it's once great
self. We belive that by uniting the Masaki family and the Yuki family, we could once again
bring Jurai into greatness."

Aeka studied the fire in Seriyou's eyes. Gathering her wits and streng, she ended
the match.

"No" Sasami looked at her sister, understanding her decesion, even as the political
implications began to hit her.

"Princess, why do you insist on being so stubbern? We offer you the chance to keep the
Masaki family as the royal clan. Should you turn down our offer, a coalition will form
whoose only task will be to keep you and any Masaki heir off the thrown."

"No" Aeka responded, her resolve hardening.
Seriyou smiled, and a shock ran thru Aeka. He was not here for her hand, he had something
else in mind.

"Very well princess. We have waited thus long for our chance, we can, perhaps wait longer.
But the elders of my house will not agree with this, unless I can present a token of your
good will. If not you, perhaps your sister. Allthough the marriage would have to wait a few
cycles, both of our goals would be accomplished"

A look of horror, and then revulsion shot thru Sasami. At her side a look of disguest
replace the normally impasive expression on Azaka's face.

For a second, nothing happaned. Sasami looked at her sister in suprise, then hurt, then
rebuke as Sasami realized that Aeka was actually considering the offer.

The vhement look in Sasami's eyes shocked Aeka back to reality. As she slowly realized that
she had almost agreed to sell her sister, for peace in her empire.
As this thought sunk in, Aeka flew off in a rage. Screaming for them to leave, she stormed
out of the council. Behind her Sasami departed in a huff, hurt and confused by the near
betrayel.
"Well, that didn't go very well" Kamidake muttered.
        *       *       *       *       *

It was the mystery that had him. Even after all this time he could not figure it out. What
was the secret? What was this machine? In the center of the room stood a transparasteel vat,
it's sides gleaming as energy slowly charged the crystal walls. Besides it a Pulston
Converter whirred in frantic movement. He watched as energy leaked from a bank of High
Density Organic/Carbon interfaces. As he ran his hand along the bank he could feel the
biological interface try to bind with the nuerons in his fingers.
It was a marvel, a miracle, and the pinacle of human evolution.

"Admiring our work?" A voice behind him interupted his train of thought. Daisuke turned
around startled to see Washu. She was wearing a pair of sweat pants and a short cropped top.
Her hair was up, with strands of it escaping her night cap.

But her face.

Washu had allways been known as the "enternal child." Once, or so he was told she had looked
but had reverted to her childish form right before her banishment from the acadamy. Since
then whenever seen in public, or in picture, her childish form was allways shown.

It was her face.

None of the childish glimmer that had shown in her eyes when the dean that banished her was
forced to recind his order, nor the evil childish twitch when she took the chair of the
science acadamy and swore that she would not build any more weapons.
It was a calm and mature face. Like the face of a mother.
Without a word, Washu walked over to a console switch, and typed in a command to begin
charging the N-Cuples. Silently, she walked back past Daisuke on her way out.
Daisuke swiveled around to examine a console, but then realized that Washu had not left, but
was watching him.

"Daisuke" Washu's voice pierced the darkness.

"Hai"

"Do you have a family?" Washu asked.

"What do you mean, Washu-sensei?" Daisuke asked.

"I thought the qustion was kind of self explanitory" Washu responded, a little glint of
mischeif in her eyes.

"Hai, I was raised on Raynt"

"And your mother, what kind of women is she?" Washu asked probibing gently.

"I don't know really..." Daisuke said quietly.

"Why is that?" Washu continued to probe.

"Well, you know... all of the studying. I really left home early for the prep schools. That
was when I was five, so I haven't seen her very much" Daisuke stammered.

"Do you ever miss them?" Washu asked, it a quiet voice. Daisuke looked at Washu, who had
turned her back to him.

"Sometimes.." He addmited, as he turned towords the giant class container. "But I know that
they are proud of me, because I am in the Acadamy. I am special because of it"

"Why do you ask, Washu-sensei?"

"I had a daughter once"

"But...." Daisuke stammered, guinly shocked.

"She died a long time ago, before you were born"

"I'm sorry" Daisuke resonded, sympathy in his voice.

"No, I am" Washu responded, her voice lost in a memory.

"I never knew her. Her father and I fell in love, but there were complications. He was from
a royal family and I, a mere student, with no royal blood would have been unfit for a
political marriage. So we married in secret.
"But he was called off to some war. Meanwhile I found out that I was pregnent. So I had the
child because I was afraid that he would never return from the war, and that she would be my
only memory of him."
As he stared into her eyes, Daisuke could see the hurt and the pain in this memory.
"When she was born, I put her in stasis, fearfull of what he would think. When he finally
did come home, instead of wanting to keep the child in stasis, he wanted to leave, and to
run away from his world. To raise a family with me and our Daughter" Washu smiled for a
moment, before continuing her story.
"But I didn't. I had just been offered the chair of the acadamy. My life was here. The only
thing that I ever was good at was here. Here I was Washu-sensei. Away from the acadamy, I
thought life would be worthless. I have no parents. I was an orphan. My only life was here"
"And then he left, and he took our child with him. It was then that I began to realize my
mistake. Each day became more and more useless. Soon I began to be depressed. But as this
happaned, I came closer and closer to a break through. It consumed me. I became bitter with
a set back. But like my attitude my research became more malicious. I thought that he had
betrayed me, and I began to wish for revenge. It became a tool for my hated."
"The Acadamy soon found out, of course. They told me to stop my research and take a
sabaticle. But I could not trade away the work that I traded my husband and daughter for, so
I continued. Eventually the break through occured. But it was all empty. So I focues on
creating more energy, each reaction stronger then the last, but none could fill the void I

had."

"And then I was banished"
        *       *       *       *       *

Akari slowly passed Jessi as the final lap began. Pivoting left and right Alya tried to pass
Akari. The finish line raced closer and closer. Meanwhile, behind Akari Tanya had a suden
burt of energy and passed Akari. The screen suddenly went white as a voice announced in
badly mangeled english "Akari Kanzaki, Number 2."  Taking a moment to rest, Sasami drooped
her head between her knees as she tried to dismess the torture of the day. The game system
was one of the few momentos she had brought with her from earth, and had recently become her
method of dealing with the frustration of living on Jurai.
Her sister had apoligized to her later. Somehow now Sasami could understand why Aeka had
been so desperate to leave the royal circle when they first left for earth, and when they
had first met Tenchi.

But these thoughts did her no good. Rather then wallow in more self misery and memories, she
punched start on her gamepad ready for the next move.

"Sasami-dono, would you mind if I played?" A voice interupted her solitude.

"Oh, Azaka-san... Sure..." Sasami smiled for a moment and handed Azaka the other controller.
She switched the game to a martial arts combat. Selecting her character, a tall and busty
blond American girl,  she waited as Azaka figured out the controls and selected his
character. Showing him how to move and fight with his character she started the game.
Throwing an upper cut, she slammed his character into the pavement. Following up with blow
to the knees, she looked in suprise at Azaka, who had a embarresed look on his face.
"Why don't you fight back?" She asked.

The blush in his face grew deeper, as he tried to explain: "But I can not strike
a woman."

"It's a video game..." Sasami pointed out.

"So?" Azaka responded missing her point completly.

Wasting no time, she chi-blasted his character.

"Ack...." Azaka got out as His character dropped into a charred mess in the middle of the
screen.

The computer announced that Player One was the victor. As the computer started the next
round Azaka's character, a large block of wood charged Sasami's character. Soon the roots of
chivalraty gave way to competiteve instince. Laughter finally filled the empty caverns as
the days troubles finally evaporated away.

        *       *       *       *       *
It was hard to imagine that he was traveling faster then the speed of light. Tenchi stood as
the stars scrolled by. He had long ago dismissed the couriers that had flocked him so on
Jurai, and was alone against the darkness of the sky.

Was he really the first Terran to see this sight? He could not help but wonder at the
universe in front of him. The ship's Jurain master was deliberalty giving him a senic view
of the Universe, one final gift from the Jurain people. He watched as Nebula envoleped them,
with little pinpicks of light where the solar winds of the stars reflected off of the gas.
In a heartbeat the Nebula was behind them as the universe passed by. As his voyage continued
he could see the Gas Giant of 51 Pegasi, or the Jurain world of Handura. The Planet orbited
so close to the star it almost appeared to be a massive comet.
Closing his eyes as nausia caught up with him, he stepped away from the transparent canopy
and sat down next to his grandfather.

"Well Tenchi, we are heading home at last" Yousho said. He had been brought back from the
brink of death. His wounds were still severe but not so much that he would not heal.
"Tenchi, you made the right decesion" Yousho's voice reassured him. "I know" Tenchi
responded, his voice confirming the depth of his confidence. "Good Night,Tenchi" Yousho said
as he started to stroll out the room.

"Ji-chan?" Tenchi asked.

"Hai" Yousho responded.

"Why are you returning to earth?" Yousho just smiled at Tenchi for a moment, and then stared
into the void, as if pleading for an unsaid wish.
"For my family" he responded as he quietly left. Behind him, Tenchi looked confused, and
then stared into the night sky, seeking the answer to a qustion that would never be asked.
And the stars continued on their wayward journey.

        *       *       *       *       *

"I suppose it is time..." Washu murmered. "Daisuke come over here..."

"Huh?" Daisuke asked...

Washu had in front of her what appeared to be a cyrogeneration unit. The type of unit that
was commonly used to put people in suspended animation while surgury was performed.
Daisuke gasped as he looked into the unit. Inside was a women, probibly no more then twenty
or twenty one years old. Her face was deathly pale. Too pale in fact.
Daisuke looked at Washu who confirmed everything with a glance.

"This is Ryouko isn't it?" Daisuke asked, in shock and amazement.

"Hai"

"Computer.." Daisuke whispered, "Run a biocheck on occupent.." Daisuke looked at the screen
for the information.

Biocheck self diagnostics [.......]
Statis Field diagnostic [..............] OK
INTR Flux Field diagnostic [..............] OK
Slow Life Function diagnostic [.......] OK
All Systems OK

Biocheck Occupent
Occupent Name [ Ryouko ]
Occupent Type [ Humonoid/Class III - genetype ]
Occupent Age  [ 19 ]
Body Weight [ Un-phased Mass - 113 ]
Blood Type [ N/O/+ ]

Occupent Status

Nuron Interchange [ ....warning.... below critical threshold]
Protoplasmic Reflux [ ....warning.... below critical threshold]
Blood Flow [....warning.... below critical threshold]
Blood filtration [....warning....below critical threshold]
Brain Activity [....warning.... below critical threshold]

Occupent Status Check [FAIL]
Occupent Time of Death [ 2wk ]

"She's dead" Daisuke said.

"She died in the raid against Jurai" Washu said. "I found her ship in orbit around Jurai
Beta. The ship is a proto-b cabbit, and called me for help. When I got there it was too
late. She had been fataly injured two days before by Kagato. She knew it, but still remained
with the group. She piloted Tenchi to Jurai, but expended what little strength she had
left."

Slowly lights began to click on in Daisuke's mind. "This machine we have been creating..."
"Is going to bring Ryouko back to life" Washu finished.

"How is that possible?" Daisuke asked, once again dazled.

"Many years ago, there was a competition to see who could build a true Synthenoid
being. Three scientists from the post on Regal competed using the Minagi matrix. Allthough
their synthenoid was feasable, it was not much more powerfull then a real human. But the
Astral Pattarn, the Soul if you will, turned out to be far more complex then anyone thought
or realized. It was, and still is beyond reproduction.
In the background, a ghostly face began to emerge in one of the synthtubes. Slowly a body
started to form in the blue green gel.

"We, at the Science Acadamy were also working on this project. We called it the Zero
Project. We knew that the Astral Pattarn would not be reproduced, so we decided to try and
create a body that would be far more powerfull then a human. Rather then create a fancy
anderoid, we wanted to create something that we could put people's souls into to extend
their life and their power. However, we could not get the matrix to bind to an astral net."
Washu contiunued.  "The need for power was enormous, both to fuse the net and to keep the
net bound. It was beyond the technology of the day, or for that matter, today."
Suddenly, everthing clicked for Daisuke.

"The gems"
"Hai" Washu responded, as the last piece of the puzzle fell into place.
"We can use the gems to provide both the power to fuse Ryouko's Astral Net to the Zero
Matrix. Her Astral Pattarn still hasn't faded, and she has only 2% memory loss at this
point."

"But that kind of energy use" Daisuke murmered.
"Will cause a large discharge of Entropy Flux" Washu prompted.
"Which will cause massive destruction" Daisuke finished.
"Which the Science Acadamy will interperate as weapons reasearh, and banash me again."
"But that's not what you are doing.." Daisuke responded naivitly.
"That's what they will believe" Washu said as she floated Ryouko's container into position.

"But what about me, I can verify your story" Daisuke mentioned.
"They are going to believe stories about resurection, magic and gems? I wouldn't" Washu
responded gently.

"There has to be..." Daisuke started.

"There isn't, and I don't want any way out."

Daisuke stared at Washu for a moment uncomprehending.
Washu smiled in a manner that only Washu could, and then wrote down a mathamatical eqution.
Solving it, she wrote three numbers, a three demensoinal location of the blast. Daisuke
looked at the numbers for a second before realizng that the aphex of the blast would be the
Dean's office.

"And that settles it" Washu said with an evil smile. "They may banish me, but it will take
a long time to dig the Dean out."

"Why?" Daisuke stammered.

"Daisuke, stay here with me. They will banish me, but I have a family to go back to now. You
can go home to yours, or come with me." Washu asked him.

"What?" He answered.

"Leave the acadamy, there are far more important things to be done."

"But I would be disgraced." He objected. "So what?" Washu responded curtly.

"In the long run, how important is it?" Washu demanded. "Is the acadamy worth your family,
your life?" Washu challanged.

Daisuke studed her in deatail before replying.

"The Acadamy is the only thing I have". Washu sighed, and then turned her back making final
preperations for the experent. Daisuke started to say something, then thought better of it,
and began to walk towords the door. As he put his hand on the knob, he turned around and
looked at Washu.

"Washu-sensei" He started to speak.

"Hai..." Washu said a sad smile on her face.

"Why are you doing this for Ryouko?" He asked.

"My daughter died a long time ago, I can never get her back. But maybe, just maybe I can
have a new daughter" she said as she smiled.

"Washu-sensei, Arigatou" Daisuke said as he left the lab.

Washu sighed once again as she charged up the synth pattern, Behind her the cybernetic being
took full form. "Just like me" she thought.

Slowly, one by one the machines whirred to life. Sparks began to flow. Calling up a
projection of the Dean's office, she double checked to make sure that the Dean, a pompus old
fool named Clay, was in the office. Behind her, the stasis field around Ryouko's body
dissolved, as the computer began the countdown.
Walking over to the synthesised body, she placed the gems on each of the wrists, and one on
the neck. This would be the only clue as to Ryouko's new body.
"Ryo-oh-ki..." said into the air.
"Meow", a small cabbit replied as it scampered across the desk.
"Listen closely, when Ryouko comes too, her memories will start coming back to her slowly.
When she asks, take her to earth."

"Meo...Meow...." Ryo-oh-ki responded happily.

"You are not to say one word about this, do you understand?" Washu asked, in a strong voice.
Ryo-oh-ki looked indecisive for a moment, and then agreed. Washu smiled. "Now, get out of
here. You can pick her up in about an hour. See you on earth".
Ryo-oh-ki quickly scampered away, leaving only washu and the lifeless form of Ryouko behind
her. Washu walked over to Ryouko then smiled. For a moment, her thoughts drifted back to
Daisuke. He was back on the surface now, no doubt. In so many was he was so like her. In
ambition, in science and in desire. Except for one. Except that she wanted her family back.
Then Washu threw the switch to start the proccess. As the energy charged around her, she
could see the gems start to resonate. Behind her the Ryouko's pattern began to emerge more
stronly. She watched as the data began to be proccesed by the computer, then downloaded into
the gems, and finally into the body matrix. Slowly the proccess continued. More and more
energy was being formed by the gems. It was almost done now, just a little more energy would
be needed, Then all went white.

        *       *       *       *       *

As Yousho stood on the cliff, he could see the entire valley below him. He could hear every
bird, every animal as they scampered thru the forest. In the distance, he could see the
school bus that was bringing Tenchi home as it weaved up the mountain road. He could see the
Jurain Tree Ryu-Oh as it began to grow in the middle of the lake. Behind him was the grave
of his daughter. Above him was his shrine.

He had returned to his home. Jurai would never again have that distinction for him. This was
the place where his daughter was raised. This was the place where she was married. This was
the place where she had given him his grandson. This was the place that his grandson had
continued in his legecy, not of blood, but of honor.
So many happy memories, and so many sad memories.
For this is also where his daughter had died.
And the day passed on. The bright sun began to give way to the dusk, and then to the night.
The stars came out on cue, the moon began it's journey. Soon night gave way to dawn. He did
the duties of the day at the shrine, and then returned to the cliff.
He had once thought his life complete. He had once wished no more then for a quiet death,
but now life once again was returning. Below him, he watched as Tenchi's bus left for
school.

So much had happaned. Kagato had returned. Tenchi had defeated them. The knights had been
resurected. Aeka had taken the thorwn. Tenchi had not heard, but as they left the news came
that the parliment was trying to unseat her. As he looked into her eyes, Yousho realized
that she wouldn't fight. It was only a matter of time before they returned here. Mihohsi and
Kiyonne would quickly grow tired of the politics, as would Aeka. Sasami would follow her
sister, as much for her own reasons if not to support Aeka. Ryouko would also return, if
rumours he had heard were correct. They would all return for Tenchi.
That left one other. Perhaps one would come back for him. It had been so long ago when he
had left her behind. It was the day Kagato was defeated at his hands. It was the day he
decided that he did not want his daughter growing up in the court, where ruin was a game,
and life was meerly a bargining chip. So he had left, leaving behind Jurai, the politics,
the wars, and his wife. Many things in his life had been difficult, but none more then that.

Not even Achika's death.

And then a shooting star pierced his silence. And then another, And yet another. Squinting
he could make out a Jurain Battleship, a Jurain frigate, and a GP cruiser.
None of theses interested him. A fourth and final star announced the prescense of Ryo-oh-ki.
Behind him, he heard the tell-tale whisp of a subspace gate. Keeping his eyes on the lake,
he smiled quietly. Behind him he heard a step and a quiet shuffle as the visitor knelt at
Achika's grave. He closed his eyes as he heard her offer a silent prayer at the grave.
Yousho looked at her for a second as she aproached. Then returned his gaze at the valley
below. As he felt her arms around him, he smiled and gently said "Welcome Home"

*
*
*

Whew, this one took a while. It mostly wrote itself. In retrospect, Ryan would probibly
rather take his name off this fic since there is not a single line by Ryouko in it ;-) this
will probibly be the only TV storyline fic I ever write. The next tenchi fic I am working
on: Tenchi Muyo: Of Lullabies and Angel's Wings will be OVA storyline. Slayers: Elvenblade
has been kicking around in my head as well.
Anyways, so what did you all think?
