DISCLAIMER: I think it is Pioneer Entertainment, Inc. who owns all of these 
characters, but I'm not sure. Either way they are owned by someone who is not 
me, so I guess that makes them really nice for not taking legal action 
against me for using them. Thanks for not killing me.

Vist my compleate arcive of works at:
http://www.geocities.com/raven_575/index1.html

Fic edited by: Annie Duffy

The universe in this tale is pretty twisted, but remember this is the far past 
(before Jurai knew what to do with the space trees, i.e. a very long time ago). 
NONE of these characters are the same ones that appear in ANY of 
today's Tenchi media, and I am sorry for those of you who's character favorites 
didn't get much time or a place at all, I was just more concentrated on a good 
story, rather than fitting everyone in. I love all the characters so I know 
where you're coming from. (By the way I was sort of 
inspired by Fear Factory, not that you care) P.S. MUCHO THANKS TO ALL OF YOU WHO 
SENT ME FEEDBACK MAIL ON MY LAST FIC! YOUR SUPPORT HELPS A LOT!

	"Zero Signal", "Demanufacture", "Martyr", "Self Bias Resistor", and 
"Timelessness" (Words by Burton C. Bell) are all song titles owned(?) by Fear 
Factory. I think.
	"That kind of love" property of Cliff Eberhardt I think.

"Bla-lala-bleh-bleh... finally here we go."


Erik Tuttle
"Zero Signal"


I
	Falling out of the sky, rain splashed down on the two figures huddled 
close to the ground. Nighttime was in full swing on planet Jurai, and thickening 
clouds choked the light of the planet's moon. Until Tenchi crouched there in 
the mud next to his grandfather, he didn't notice the way the winds blew, 
tossing the trees of the forest about. Branches moaned and creaked, turned and 
swayed while they were tossed by the wind. In the middle of a green 
clearing enclosed by trees Tenchi bent on one knee to examine the body of his 
grandfather before him. The old man wore an old Juraian battle suit colored 
black in the body and burgundy around the edges. His hair was long and tied back 
to show his face; grandfather was still a handsome man in his old age. Deep 
cheeks shaped his long face, while wrinkled lines drew its borders. Dark hair 
grew above his lip and on the top of his head, while his eyes shown a reflective 
purple gaze in the outer rim. When Tenchi knelt 
beside him the old man coughed and gurgled in an attempt to speak.
	"Tenchi," his lips moved, "Tenchi there is.. great troub.le for ou..r 
people ahead. You know what I mean-" Cough "Tenchi.. Nagi!" Grandfather coughed 
again and this time large droplets of red shot out of his mouth. For the 
first time, Tenchi noticed the pool of crimson fluid his mentor lie in. "Tenchi 
boy," red blood ran into brown mud and created a swirling mix on the ground 
beneath the man. "I.. Am.. glad that you didn't make it here sooner. Had you 
come then she. would h.ave killed you, too."
	"Easy, Grandfather easy."
	"You must be serious now boy!" The strength in the words startled Tenchi. 
	"Now is the last chance you will get to see the meaning of true life. If 
you do not catch them now then you will be forever a child. Remember your 
purpose!" cough. "Please bring me back to our home and set me ablaze. I want 
my spirit to be fr..ee, pl.ease honor my tree as well, and Tenchi. take the 
sword. Take the sword... and all of your power. U.se them as one and sa.ve OU.r 
PeoPLe!"
	"Grandfather! Grandfather you cannot leave all of this to me! It is too 
much! Grandfather!? GrandFATHER!? OLD MAN WHY DON"T YOU WAKE UP!"

>>CHAPTER ONE<<    "Hard winters, Hard summers"

	Grandson,
	
	If you are reading this then there is no doubt that I have indeed passed 
on. This letter and blade, along with the rest of my estate, is left solely to 
you. You are my successor in every regard. I have shown you how to live here 
in this home on your own and I have shown you the basics to fighting, but that 
is all. There is still much room for improvement and growth left inside of you. 
To train and to work are ways to expand yourself, so train you must, but never 
forget what you need to accomplish for me and for our people. The world around 
us, our planet Jurai, is beginning to grow foul. Samurai Nagi has begun a grand 
design to change our world, to warp it, and to destroy it. Soon you shall see 
the rise of industrialism that could eventually lead to the death of our planet. 
Mankind will create large machines and gigantic factories that poison the air, 
land, sky, and the very souls of our people. Juraians will forget about their 
life trees and their wonderful powers leaving them to wither and bring shorter 
life. The world will change around you; gone will be the emerald forests and 
sweet rivers. In their places will be large buildings and roads that criss-cross 
the planet like a boa constrictor, tightening its grip on the world. Your 
mountain sanctuary where you stand now will cease to exist, unless you do 
something to prevent that future. This is no child's tale my grandson. Nagi is a 
vicious opponent with the strength of ten dragons in her heart. Victory is not 
guaranteed, nor 
granted, but won, yet fighting is not all that is important. If you can manage 
to defeat Nagi, then you must find the one called Tsunami. Only she has the true 
power to restore life to Jurai. While I cannot help you find Tsunami, I can 
still provide aid in training you, even from death. There is a small pouch 
attached to the scabbard of the sword I have given you. Inside you will find a 
gem that can summon demons for you to battle. I will warn you now that these 
demons are strong and I will advise that you train alone for a minimum of two 
years before you begin to fight these creatures of 
darkness. While they will make good sparing partners, they will show no mercy 
towards you or any other life. If you are defeated they will slay you. To summon 
these foes simply place the gem in your palm and pray for a demon to appear. The 
more intensely you pray, the stronger the demon will be. Now go with heart, 
grandson of mine. Go and train with this sword I have given you. Many years will 
pass before you will be called into real action to battle Nagi, so use those 
years wisely. When the final day calls you must be ready, for there is no going 
back.
	-Yosho

	Tenchi set the letter down on the desk in front of him and lifted the 
sword. Black covered the sturdy wooden scabbard, and an ivory hilt emerged from 
the end. The Ivory was carved in an intricate pattern that could have resembled 
white tree roots. These roots led down to a circular butt that was inlayed with 
three stunning emeralds in the center of the circle. A little bit frightened, 
Tenchi gripped the blade by the handle and pulled. From out of the black sheath 
came a sparkling steel blade. The katana was approximately 
three feet long with a curve that began three fourths of the way up the sword 
and ended at the finely sharpened point. This was the weapon that Tenchi would 
train with and this was the key that he would use to save his people.
**********
	I don't know exactly where to start. Grandpa has trained me in the basics 
of swordplay with wooden bokens but I have never actually handled a weapon as 
lethal or beautiful as this. I hardly know where to begin. It is my theory that 
Grandpa would tell me to begin by learning how to survive out here in this 
wilderness on my own so that is where I will begin. There will be time for 
fighting later. After all I am only 17 and grandpa said that there would 
be many years for me to prepare. I think that I will begin to visit these new 
cites when they begin to emerge so when it comes time to put an end to all of 
this I will know the ways of both worlds to better aid my cause. I'm sure that 
grandfather would agree. Even as I think these thoughts time is wasting. I had 
best get started.
	The days and the weeks passed, and I became adept at surviving on my own 
quickly. I would gather food from the woods when the time was right. I kept up 
the small garden Grandpa and I had planted in back of the hut, and I even 
managed to keep the hut and myself clean. In the midst of all these chores, I 
still found time every day to practice with my boken and train my body to stand 
all sorts of vigorous punishment. Every time I looked at the sword that I hung 
above the doorway of the hut, my heart beat faster and I got anxious to begin 
using it instead of a wooden stick. The urge was suppressed many a time, but 
finally after two years, it got the best of me. Down from the archway, I grasped 
the raven black scabbard in my hand and drew the 
blade from its warm bed. It was almost as if electricity began to flow through 
my veins the moment I touched this marvel of craftsmanship. I wondered who had 
made it, how, and why it had been constructed. 
	Regardless of all that there was something strong in this blade, I felt 
connected to it like it was an extension of my own body. Feeling this only made 
me more eager to employ this weapon. I went out side and made a few precision 
strokes against an invisible foe. The sword was heavier than what I was used to, 
and I knew that it would take some work and just a little more time to master 
its use. But when I did I would be unbeatable. So I began. I began shadow 
fighting and perfecting my stance, learning the swords weight and its center of 
gravity, keeping it in good clean shape and taking 
it with me wherever I went. From all of these exercises, I truly believe that 
the sword learned, too. It learned to be one with me and my sometimes illogical 
movements, it learned to spring to my hand in my time of need, and it became my 
best friend.
	During the two years that I trained alone with my weapon, I came in 
contact with no one, save for it. How could a sword, a material thing, become 
one's best friend? I cannot explain what I felt, but I knew that it was real. 
This sword made me feel warm and safe when I needed comfort. It gave protection 
and it was always beside me when I called to it. Yes I actually did talk to the 
sword and give it a name, Tenchiken, because it was my friend. My only friend 
until Ryoko came along.


>>CHAPTER TWO<<     "DEMON!?"


	Bright and high was the sun in the sky on that fateful morning. It had 
been two years since I had taken my Tenchiken down from the wall and begun to 
practice with it. As the time flew by, I realized that I was slowly mastering 
this sword. It had been stubborn at first but it had finally been broken. I 
still don't like to think of it as "breaking" my weapon because it was my friend 
after all; getting to know one another was a better description. When I awoke 
that morning I knew that I was ready. Ready to use Tenchiken as I was meant to-
the time for combat had arrived. Taking the pouch from the sword's scabbard, I 
opened it and pulled the gem up from the inside. As curious as I had been about 
the sword, grandpa's warning always 
flew across my mind. The demons are powerful, he had said, I should use the 
utmost caution when dealing with them. Raising my hand out of the bag, I saw the 
gem my Grandpa had told me of for the first time. Its color was blue and it 
sparkled in the center, resembling a shining agent full of glitter.
	"So this is it?" I asked myself. As I picked up the sword, the gem began 
to glow. I looked around, nervous, not thinking I had asked for any demons yet. 
Looking back to my palm, I saw that the gem was gone! It had disappeared! 
"What the hell!" Laughter still escapes my lips when I think of how long it took 
me to find the stupid thing. Turns out as fate would have it that the blue gem 
had attached itself to the Tenchiken, while I was looking around for demons. 
Perhaps Tenchiken even took it from me as a cruel attempt to be funny. It was 
funny, and I can remember thinking, "How the hell did it get on there?" after I 
had found it two hours later. "At least I know where it is!" I was sure it would 
work just as well on the sword as in my palm, so I brought the sword and myself 
outside. 
	The air was cool and crisp as it rode bareback on the breeze. The sun sent 
out a warm light that brought a smile to my lips. What a nice day. My sandaled 
feet made crunching noises on the earth as I made my way to a nice open clearing 
along the path I had made earlier in the year. Tenchiken and I arrived at the 
clearing and I walked out into the center. "Now is the time," I told my self, 
and drew the weapon from its encasement. Tenchiken felt as it always did in my 
hands; it was a wonderful part of myself that I felt had been there for all my 
life. I knew then that I didn't have the time to savor the moment, my day was 
approaching and I needed to begin the second stage of my work. "Now how is one 
supposed to summon a demon? Oh yes that's it! Just take the gem and pray." 
Bringing the sword Tenchi before me in a two-handed grip, I thought long and 
hard. 
	"Demon come to me," my mind spoke. "I summon you to engage me, now come!" 
The gem began to sparkle in the sword's hilt and I thought harder and it began 
to glow more. "Become my opponent! Visit me now spirit!" Raw energy flashed from 
the jewel, and I opened my eyes. Wait a minute. Hadn't Grandfather said 
something about how the harder you prayed, the more powerful the demon would be? 
Oh damn it! Dark clouds filled the sky, covered the sun, and lightning 
rained down upon the earth. Thunder claps echoed and sent vibrations down my 
spine. "Should I run? No the darn thing would probably catch me if I did! Well I 
have been preparing for quite some time now so I hope that my lessons can see me 
through." Above my head the sky glowed with a bright white light, and the 
thunder continued to boom.
	In a flash, a column of white-hot power streaked down from the heavens and 
impacted the ground before me. The column blazed for a few seconds, then 
dissipated along with the thunder, lightning, and clouds over head. "So the 
demon is finally here! I bet he's a huge one." After the dust had settled, I 
looked forward to try and catch a glimpse of my foe, but there was no foe, at 
least not anyone that I would consider a foe. The "he" I had dreamed of was 
nowhere to be seen, but instead I was given a look at the most beautiful 
woman I had ever seen. When I went to the city near my hut I had seen many 
beautiful people indeed, but this woman... she was incredible! She had large 
spiked tresses of fine cyan hair that rolled behind her in a gentle slope. Her 
eyes were a wonderful shade of gold, far richer than any coin I had ever seen, 
and her sockets came to a sharp point at the end. The face was dazzling and 
spectacular, a true image of beauty, well rounded and nicely cut. Her bosom was 
full and impressive as it pressed firmly against the inside of her red and white 
low cut dress. Her stomach was perfect, her hips pointed out oh so perfect, and 
her legs were just the right length to complement the rest of her stunning 
physique perfectly. While I stood there in a battle pose and drank all of her 
wonder in, she looked puzzled and spoke to me.
	"Where the hell am I?"
	"Where the hell am I?" I echoed in my head. "What a funny thing for a 
demon to say."
	"Hey you, kid with the stick, where am I?"
	A STICK! She had just called Tenchiken a stick! "Does this look like a 
stick to you?" I pointed at the sword.
	"Well it's not THAT impressive," she said.
	"How can you say that? This is the power that brought you here!"
	"Oh so that's it! By the way where's here? I kinda like it."
	"Like it?" I asked stunned. "You like it here? You do?"
	"Yeah why not? It's bright and the air is fresh... so much better than 
that other place."
	"Other place? What other place?"
	"Just that deep void with all sorts of scary monsters running around in 
it. By the way, thanks for bringing me here. It's nice to be away from there."
	I couldn't believe it. This was the demon that I was supposed to fight? 
Something must have gone wrong in the summoning. This was no demon! Then again, 
I reminded myself. You really don't have the slightest clue as to what a demon 
really looks like. What if they're all like this?
	"Hey you?" The girl asked. I snapped out of my trance and saw that she was 
no more than two feet in front of me and I jumped backwards into a defensive 
position holding Tenchiken before me.
	"Ah! Stay back!"
	"Huh? Why?"
	"You're a demon that's why!"
	"So what does that have to do with anything?"
	"Well, er, um, I brought you here to fight with you of course!"
	"Fight me? Why?"
	"You're a demon! You're evil and bad!"
	"I still don't see what that has to do with anything," she moved closer to 
me.
	"I said stop!"
	She did. Then she disappeared. "I'm not that bad looking am I?" Her voice 
spoke an inch from my ear.
	"Ah!" Startled, I wheeled around and ran back a few steps. "Hey!"
	"Hey what?"
	"That wasn't fair!"
	"What wasn't fair?"
	"That vanishing trick you just pulled! If you want to fight me then do it 
fare and square."
	"But I don't want to fight you."
	"You, you don't?"
	"No what would be the fun in that?"
	"Um..." I had to think about it for a minute. Really where did the fun lie 
in being locked in a life and death struggle, a fight for survival? "Have to 
admit that I can't answer that." Why was I so trusting of this new woman? Was it 
just her looks or was they're something more?
	"Well, we can get started then," and she disappeared once more. I then 
felt myself being hoisted up off the ground by a single hand clasping the back 
of my shirt.
	"Hey what are you doing!"
	"I'm going to give you a bath-you smell horrible! If you are going to be 
living in my house, mister then you really need to keep nice and clean."
	"Your house! What house? Hey I bathe everyday!"
	"Then everyday isn't often enough!" I felt a tingling in my body and 
realized that the woman was disappearing again.
	"Oh no," I thought to myself, "what if this is some strange sneak attack! 
Damn it, I've been had!" Moments later, I touched down in a cool liquid that 
covered my head, and I began to sink deeper. My head burst above water where 
I finally, franticly drew in a long breath. I heard laughter above me and looked 
up. There she was. That demon girl that had brought me here. "Hey what did you 
do that for!?" I shouted at her.
	"I warned you that you were going to get clean, now face the 
consequences!" I made my way through the water and over to the shore were I got 
out and looked around. We were at the lake where I usually washed myself 
everyday. From here it was about a mile back to my hut. "Wow that sure is some 
trick that girl can do! Wait a minute... where is my Tenchiken! Oh no!
	"Tenchiken!" I called. "Tenchiken!"
	"Looking for this?" The woman dropped the sword at my feet. It dug into 
the sand, tip first. "Ah! Be careful with that!"
	"It can take it," smiled the demon girl in the sky. She came down and 
landed beside me and I smelled something very funny.
	"What is that?" I asked and turned to see her holding a metal bucket along 
with another strange fluffy device.
	"It's called soap and you could really use some," she said.
	"Soap? What is soap?" I had been in the city, but never had I gone looking 
for something called soap. That was what she called it right?
	"Oh brother..." She muttered. "Here I'll show you." Over to me she walked 
and set the bucket and fluffy pad down. "Lift up your arms," she ordered and as 
I did so she pulled my shirt up, over, and off of my chest.
	"What in the world are you doing!" I cried, my shock escalating to 
hysteria. 
	"I'm giving you a bath! Jeesh it's only the third time I've had to tell 
you. Now do you want to get those pants off by yourself or do you need a little 
help?"
	"Giving me a bath!? Take off my pants!? B- but you're a-"
	"A woman?"
	"Yeah!"
	"And is there something wrong with that? Don't I look good to you?" My 
face turned red and a strange expression grew on my face as she wrapped her arms 
around my neck and brought her lips close to my ear. "I am beautiful aren't I?" 
My embarrassment grew and grew until I had the complexion of a tomato. "Well?"
	"Yes, you are," I managed to croak.
	"Hehe! I'm glad you agree!" She backed off from me, and I felt my 
temperature go down. "Now get out of that wet outfit and we can get down to 
business!" she ordered. If my face had been red before, now it must have shown 
like a bonfire on a moonless night.
