Erik Tuttle
"Zero Signal" .5.


II
>>CHAPTER SEVEN<<    "Demanufacture"


	I stand here now less of a man than before. Wet rain pummels my outer skin 
of garments wrapping their way around my body like the evil hand of darkness 
that engulfs my soul. The city below is bright, like a huge fire in the 
distance. Electric lights of all sizes bathe the streets. All of these 
lights combine in a vile cesspool of man-made filth. Yes that's what it was. 
Filth. This is the grand design brought upon the people to take them farther and 
farther from their spirits and closer to the flesh they have come to adore. But 
who should be blamed? These people, dare I call them my people now for they are 
not, have let themselves be bought. To be destroyed. To be 
eradicated. To become obsolete. Why should I save them? Be their savior? People 
had not trusted in their hearts, letting themselves become corrupt, letting 
themselves die. So why was I doing it? Why was I here now on this ledge the scar 
of vengeance so readily marked upon my face? The planet was my love. No. This 
was not what she deserved. No. I would liberate her from her bondage and in 
doing so free her people. No. She was our mother and I owed her a certain 
respect that went far beyond even my life. No. With that respect came a 
privilege. No. A great privilege indeed. No. Nagi. Kill Nagi. Yes. I would get 
to fight and I would get to kill this worthy foe. This 
woman who had taken the only two people I had ever know to a place where I could 
never claim them again. Who had they been? What were their names? Who cares. 
This was my time a time to get back, to retaliate. No. A time that I would soon 
forget. Yes. A time where vengeance was lost upon the wind.

**********
	The boy was dressed in khaki pants, a black shirt, black boots, and a dark 
long coat that covered him. At his side hung a sword to be handled by a hilt of 
ivory and incased inside a black wooden home. His hair was short and choppy. 
Spikes rose up all across his head from the hair he had chopped 
short with the blade of a sword. Hazel eyes were dull in their sockets, devoid 
of life and light that was shrouded by the dark night. On the cliff he watched 
the city far bellow with disgust. His well-rounded face contorted into a sad 
frown, a psychotic smile, a straight face covered with passiveness, and all back 
around again. Down from the sky cold rain cascaded 
over his coated body, folds in the fabric forming gutters allowing some of the 
water to fall and reach the ground. He clenched his fist and leapt, holding his 
arms out to embrace the sky. A bubble around him appeared and he seemed to take 
flight, riding the winds toward the city. Riding the winds 
towards a destiny he secretly had wanted no part of all of his life.

**********
	So this was it. This was the same city in which I had loved every second 
of a joyous vacation five years ago. But it was different. Too different. The 
people had a new air about them, an air of mistrust and hidden agendas. The 
streets once so merry and neatly kept were now tarnished by garbage and the 
Juraian people crawled out of these masses of filth. My people, the same people 
that I was chosen to protect by a destiny that had no meaning for my life. The 
sun seemed to permanently hide behind a veil of dark clouds lining the sky. 
Brothels and scam shops were carved into the street line of so called business 
districts. It was here where I would fight, and it very well could be where I 
would die. Before, I didn't want to, but I was slowly beginning not to care. Who 
cared for the outcome? Not I, I continually told myself. She was gone and I 
couldn't care less. Less about her. Less about a thing. Who was she? The only 
thing that moved my body now was a yearning. A yearning for the passion, the 
yearning for the thrill. I. Wanted. To. Kill. It was going to be fun. The fight 
was going to be fun.

	"So this is him." The woman that spoke was leaning up with her back 
against a chain-link fence surrounding a small High school. A short wrap around 
cloak covered her from shoulders to mid thigh, her hair was a pale blue color 
and black paint covered one part of her face. Facial features 
assembled themselves in a oddly familiar pattern dark eyes lines, a perfect 
chin, and glossy lips. "Do you like the face? I took it from that girl I met up 
in the woods she was quite beautiful but I still had a few improvements to make. 
So what do you think?"
	"Nagi!" It was she. I threw the tail of my long coat to one side and 
placed a hand on the hilt of Tenchiken clipped to my belt.
	"That's my name. I assume then that you must be Tenchi?"
	"You know what I'm here for."
	"Getting right down to the point, I see. Well, if a fight is what you want 
then I won't let you leave empty handed. As a matter of fact, I won't let you 
leave at all. Alive at least." From under her cloak a blade emerged, glistening 
in a bath from the mornings light. Tenchiken sprung from his 
scabbard and ended in a battle position. She made the first move. Up into the 
air her legs propelled her towards the sky and I followed. Sliding across her 
weapon came in at a perfect torso level slash, a move easily matched my 
Tenchiken. At the end of her first attack both of Nagi's hands gripped the hilt 
of her sword and she guided them down in a fluid overhead 
chop. Our steel collided and sent a mild shower of sparks sprinkling to the 
ground below. My defense at 0 degrees and her attack at 90 gave me a good 
opportunity and I took it. Forcing my blade forward I pushed`my opponent back 
breaking our blade lock and moved in with a left side cut. Across the space my 
blade cleaved a clean path for Nagi's belly. She took a golf swing and sot my 
attack off up into the air. Sensing my disposition a sharp thrust lashed out at 
my chest and I dodged to my right. Now right beside my rival I had a wide open 
shot at any part of her body but I was to close to employ my blade. Firing from 
my right bicep the hilt of my sword met with Nagi's face, blood exploded from 
her mouth, and sent her falling out across a distance. She was quick to regroup 
and take to the ground. The two of us landed and locked eyes. We had only 
spilled a drop of blood from a vast ocean waiting to pour down like rain.
	"I see now that this challenge could indeed be a lesser one than I 
thought." My words mock filled the silence between the two of us. We were 
standing on the top of a set steps that led to a school band room. Instruments 
filtered their sound out through the cracks and small openings the room had to 
offer. Swords at our sides, we continued to stare.
	"Raa!" ONE! TWO! THREE! Rapid attacks began falling around me in an 
equally blinding succession. CLANG! CRASH! SCRAPE! Edge to edge our swords sang 
their deadly song to the accompaniment of the music beyond. Someone might give 
out soon someone might slip. The song was to be sung for that person 
the person who's flame died first. When the candle of life went out the song was 
done, played to the finish. RING! KRISH!
	"Ah!
	"Ha! Ya! Raaaaaa!"
	The blows continued to fall and join with their various counterparts. 
Overhead met with uppercut, thrust to parry, slice to cut, cut to block, block 
back to lock, breakup, resume, dive to cut, through, in to out, slash to RIP! 
The action stopped, rather it froze. I was stretched out one leg 
crouched and the other extended behind me. One shoulder forwards the other one 
back parallel to one another pointing a unswerving line towards Nagi. The tip of 
Tenchiken resting centimeters above the concrete holding my feet. The attack had 
been a right to left double-handed overhead slash. The attack 
had torn free a piece of Nagi's cloak that fluttered to the ground before me. My 
hungry lungs submerged the noise from the band inside. I got up, Nagi addressed 
me.
	"Oh dear you almost got me." Her cloak unbuttoned and she tossed it aside. 
Underneath she wore a tight black combat suit that covered her from neck to mid 
quadriceps. "Now with that extra baggage discarded it's your turn!"
	The blows continued to fall and join with their various counterparts. 
Overhead met with uppercut, thrust to parry, slice to cut, the attacks were all 
taking shape as they had last time but now Nagi was more agile and a lot faster. 
Our blades circled in the air trying to break past one or the others defense. 
They slid free. ONE! TWO! THREE! Attack, attack, attack! Block, block, dodge. 
Parry, thrust. Dodge. SLICE! The action stopped, rather it froze. It was my turn 
to watch part of my coat tumble down and merge with the cold gray ground. She 
stood straight up her blade held running parallel 
to her eyes as if she had never left a combat stance. The black coat that some 
woman had given me was cast aside. I stepped back and repositioned my body. My 
legs spread and bent at the knees my new stance resembled that of an English 
fencer. My katana was held out before me with my right arm in a one handed grip 
while my left moved behind me positioned for use by my bent elbow. This new 
stance made use of many quick thrusts and pierces but was somewhat lacking in 
cutting strength. Nagi moved as if a dance guided her figure into a new 
position. Putting most of her weight on a bent hind leg her front leg was angled 
50 degrees to where it joined the rest of her body. 
Her body kept part of it's original stance facing forward and her sword arm 
extended out straight holding her weapon flat across the space in front of her. 
This was primarily used as a defensive stance, so I honored the message and 
brought myself in to attack. I sent a trust forward to the left and then 
another to the right. These two blows were fended off by a flick of Nagi's 
blade, I came back at her again. Thrust, thrust, left to right slash, my feet 
continued to throw me forward with my action sending Nagi farther and farther 
back. She kept fighting me off, thrust, swing, blocked. Back foot 
touching the ground, she gave herself a brace and retorted. After sweeping my 
thrust to the side her blade pointing to the ground she whipped it back up 
skyward. I was forced to shoot up into the air to avoid her attack and she 
followed. Shreds of sparks rained upon the earth like a monsoon as the two 
blades bit into each other time after time. GRIND! CLASH! CRANK! POUND! The 
battle rocked the entire land around. RIP! RETORT! TRUST!
	"GODDAMN IT! WHY DON'T YOU DIE!"
	"SO YOU REALLY THOUGHT THAT IT WOULD BE THIS EASY!"
	"WHY DID YOU CHOSE THIS PLACE-" Parry! "IT IS A SCHOOL FOR GODS SAKE! 
THERE ARE INOCENTS!"
	Slice! Swish! "BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY PERSON I NEED TO KILL TODAY!"
	"WHAT IS THAT SUPOSED TO MEAN!" Our weapons locked once again.
	"HERE LET ME SHOW YOU!" I was a fool to have not seen it coming. The 
hammer punch landed on the top of my skull and sent me rocketing earthward. A 
crash rose up from the land as my body penetrated layers of school building 
until I smacked down on the hard ground. Tenchiken fell from my grip and wound 
up embedded in the carpet a few feet away from me. I was in the band room on my 
back feeling the results of my fall. Children and instructors alike looked up 
from their work and gasped at me. Getting to my feet I saw Nagi overhead 
floating where she had sent me down. Shaking were my knees from the impact. As I 
rose, I felt it: Nagi above me was summoning energy in her palms.
	"NO YOU FOOL! YOU'LL HURT THEM!" The words erupted from a volcano deep 
inside me. Who cares? My mind spoke numbly. Not you. Grinning Nagi finished her 
work and sent the energy blast straight down at me. My face and fingers curled 
and contorted as I summoned the energy shield to me. There had to be something I 
could do, there was something I had to do. Why? Why risk yourself? It was 
finished without a moment to spare. I catapulted the shield skyward and it 
spread absorbing the shock from the explosive energy bolt. Smoke filled the room 
and people screamed. She wouldn't miss a chance like this. I ducked out of the 
way as Nagi slammed her sword through the ground I had just vacated. I took the 
Tenchiken with me and planted myself on top of a musical key box in the corner 
of the room. "Damn you why would you do this?"
	Her sword emerged from the floor and looked over at me. "Because I'm like 
you."
	"Huh!?"
	"I don't care about anything. All I want to do is kill you and all you 
want to do is kill me. But unlike you I will do anything to accomplish my goal 
and bring about your death!"
	That's not true! "That's not true! What you say about me! It's lies!"
	"Hahaha! It is more truth than you could even imagine! What was her name, 
Tenchi?"
	Her? "What are you talking about?"
	"What was her name? The girls name that you want so desperately to avenge? 
What was her name? Your wife what was her name?"
	A wife? "Her name? It was, oh god."
	"You see I AM right! You have been so consumed by this desire to fight me 
that you have forgotten everything that was once important to you! I'm 
flattered."
	No tears fell from my eyes and I knew she was right. Tenchi was gone and 
this new empty soul took his place in my body. My head snapped up meeting her 
eyes from across the room.
	"You're right. I don't care." I flew in with a two-handed grip slashing 
overhead from right to left. Back across the torso from left to right. 90 
degrees straight down. Back up and out. Right to left side thrust. Arcing left 
to right chop. Down to up thrust for her throat. Chest level left cut. Single-
handed right slice into sidestep thrust. I needed to pierce her heart As she had 
pierced mine.

	The wall of an old gymnasium gave way and sent Nagi sprawling out into the 
paved street beyond. Kill. Showers of wood and splinters followed falling upon 
the hard ground. Destroy. She regained her foot quickly but the attack had 
still taken its toll. Pain. Her mouth bled in multiple places, she had a large 
cut in her stomach and other small ones dawned her arms and face. Her legs were 
bruised and not far from broken and her battle outfit was torn in several 
places. Still, she stood and braced for further combat. Kill. Holding her sword 
before her she looked head on with bent and planted feet. She sneered and I 
emerged from the darkness of the hole I had made with her body. Destroy. Blood 
seeped from a cut on my forehead, my shirt and pants were torn, bloodied, and 
slashed. There was also a small hole from a thrust that hand landed home on my 
left leg. Dark bruises layered my face, neck, and entire body like a coat of 
discolored beauty paint. Pain. Working overtime, the lungs in my chest panted to 
give the rest of my body the air that it needed. Tired as I was, I still rushed 
to meet her before she could get back to offense again. Kill. Forcing her to 
parry I threw a right side chop in and attempted to breach her defenses. What I 
needed was an opening and what she needed was to die. Kill. Tenchiken bounced 
off of Nagi's block and swung around again over my left shoulder. The dance 
moved back and fourth, to and fro. I executed a high to low thrust and then 
brought my blade back up across Nagi's ribs to her left shoulder. First she 
knocked my thrust off and to the left then followed up by jumping backwards to 
avoid my attack. I struck again and again. Kill. She struck again and again. 
Why?


>>CHAPTER EIGHT<<    "Self Bias Resistor"


	Combat rang in the small school along with the bells to change classes. 
Our battle had sent Nagi and myself everywhere across the school grounds. Roof 
tops, boiler rooms, classrooms, hallways, nowhere was safe from the vicious 
battle we fought. No one was safe from the battle we fought. As of now the fight 
was in a gray-carpeted hallway with brown lockers along each wall and a door at 
the far end. When I say that our physical condition was bad, I speak for both of 
us. Along with destroyed buildings and other pieces of property, Nagi and I had 
left blood, and lots of it, spewn across the school ground. Both of us had 
various wounds ripping our entire bodies, lifeblood 
leaked from every available opening and it came down in rivers. My combator 
wiped blood from her vision first, then piloted her weapon towards me to make an 
attack. Her slash was predictable from the way that she held herself prior to 
attacking, and was simply deflected. Next came the opposite slash and the 
overhead chop. These were predictable as well and likewise dealt with. I 
parried, dodged, and kept my ground in fending off her attacks. The strain on my 
body and mind was horrendous yet, I managed to keep my cool. It was one blow at 
a time that's how it needed to be taken. Live in the now to free your mind of 
the consequences of tomorrow. Don't die, kill.
	Nagi was telling herself the same even though we both knew that we would 
give out soon. Whichever one could hold it together for a second longer would be 
triumphant. Perhaps it would take that winner their own life to succeed, but 
that was a trivial price worth paying. Die. Not me. You first. The ideal to win 
was absolute, nothing could stand in its way not even 
self-preservation. CRASH! CLUNK! The blades continued to sing and shine still 
desiring more of the red life that was caked onto both tips. The air rustled and 
Nagi floated back from her attack and put one knee on the ground. She was 
breathing hard and so was I. Sweat covered both of us as if we had just bathed 
together in a warm pool of it. Salt took residence in my nostrils trying to 
block out the scent of blood.
	She is weak but she is pretending to be more so, my mind told me. Don't 
fall for it, the one knee thing is just a trick to get you closer. I'll wait. I 
waited. The would-be trap sprung, and Nagi was forward with surprising speed and  
a thrust aimed at me. Avoid. I sidestepped and got my body along side her. It 
was good, very good, I even had the time to drop my right elbow in the middle of 
her back. Cause pain. She fell impaling her sword deep into the wall at my feet. 
Good. I had time and I was going to use it. Tenchiken made a home tip first into 
the carpet in front of Nagi's blade and with all my remaining might I kicked out 
with one large black boot. The toe collided with Nagi's hand and the hilt of the 
sword. Nagi screamed and bled, her hand broken from the impact, but her weapon 
did not fare so well. Life began at a normal speed and then slowed as Nagi 
pulled back her hand and my foot collided with the hilt of the sword she once 
held. Both eyes locked on the steel shaft of the blade as it began to bend, then 
bend some more. Sound slowed down with time and a long low groan tore from the 
sword in the wall. It screamed. Life and sound then joined as one and resumed a 
normal pace. CRACK! The blade was broken. Snapped cleanly in the middle. This 
was it, the end. A weapons less Nagi screamed and shuffled back in a crab like 
walk. I kicked the severed hilt, pulled my katana out of the floor, and looked. 
Looked deep into the soul of the woman before me and saw fear, desperation, but 
most of all a lack of hope.
	"Hmmhmmm." It was a small laugh, more of a chuckle, that came from my 
vocal chords. It was the most sinister thing I had ever heard and I had never 
been happier. Win. To win is to kill. To kill is to win. Win. Kill.
	"You're dead, woman." She shivered in fear, in hate, in the knowledge that 
there was nothing that she could do. "Did you hear me?" I walked over to where 
she was on the ground. "I SAID THAT YOU ARE DEAD! HhhhhHAAAAAAAAAA!" A kiss in 
my hands made its path down towards Nagi's shocked lips, the kiss of death was 
in the air and about to land. Death. Death for her and not me, Nagi how I love 
you so, love you now because it's your time. Time to go. I could see it, see it 
clearly even through my blood-streaked vision. Sharpened edges of my sword, oh 
what a lovely sword Tenchiken! Overtaking Nagi, her neck torn open its red 
symphony rising up to great me, to welcome me, to congratulate me. The blood 
flew up to splatter my face. It felt good, warm. I licked my lips at the 
pleasure, it tasted good, sweet. Oh the pleasure! The feeling of warm steel 
breaching warmer flesh in such a way! The thought was exhilarating! 
Invigorating! But it was not supposed to feel like this. CLACK! New blood ran 
down to clear my sight. She wasn't dead. She wasn't gone. My blade had stopped 
before her a strange blue light protecting her.
	"AaHaHaHa!" The laughter was happy, more joyous now than mine in my dream. 
My blade stayed, it did not move. I panicked and swung again. Same feeling Of 
CLACK! Again, CLACK! Damn it! I could feel the salt of my sweat mixing in my 
wounds now the pain was finally here, it was coming and moving fast. You loose. 
"That's it!" She loved it but what was it? "It is here! My birthright it is 
finally here!" Her forehead was glowing with two strange triangles. I ceased my 
assault and backed away.
	"What is this? UUFFF!" One of the weird blue shields smashed into me and I 
was thrown back, crushed and molded into one of the rows of lockers. I was 
pounded again. Again. Again. You're not wining. The shields kept coming, kept 
crushing, I felt my ribs crack, then break slowly. You're dying. One, 
two, four. I felt each one. My cries of pain reverberated in the empty school. I 
spit blood between hammerings, and bled as bone began to poke and carve it's way 
though my skin. I was being pounded to death.
"NNNuuuhhhhhNNNNNuuuuhhhhhNuuuuhhhAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!" 
It was intense, blindingly intense. My sight was going black and my body 
crumpling beneath the strain. Win! Kill! Don't loose! Stay alive! Blood spray-
painted the wall and floor around me. My blood, my life. Crumpling beneath me my 
broken form sagged as the pummeling stopped. There was no chance to take stock 
of my injuries there were just to many to count.
	"Haha! Tenchi you fool!" It was Nagi. She was alive, then I remembered 
those blue energy things. My torturers, her saviors. "Can't you see it? Can't 
you feel it? This is the power of the light hawk wings! Mine, yes Tenchi, mine!"
	"What are these damned devil tricks you use!?" I could move at least. Win? 
It was a question rooted deep in my brain kept afloat at the surface. Kill? Yes.
	"Only the elite few of us can summon the power of these wings in dire need 
and it looks like I have beaten you to it!" Tenchiken was on the ground. He was 
close.
	"Elite few? Who do you speak of?"
	"Jurai's royal family of course! It is a gift of the blood."
	"The royal family!? You!? HOW!?"
	"It is unimportant really I just wanted you to know that I have won our 
little showdown although you almost had me there. Oh well seems that my royalty 
has proven its superior worth once again. Soon it will be your turn to join your 
precious Yosho!"
	Yosho? Who was that? No matter get the sword. GET IT! "Why?"
	"Why what?"
	"If you are royalty why seek to destroy what you have built an empire 
upon?"
	"This empire is wrong. The people are so stupid and ignorant they walked 
head on into this trap I set. It was so simple to see that it wasn't really a 
trap after all, more of a beckoning. They wanted all of this that I gave them, 
they wanted me as a ruler, and they wanted to get rid of that 
complicated magic that bothered them so much. Some of the newest generation 
don't even have trees to be born under, that's right!"
	"It's not true! You haven't taken the magic, you haven't taken the life, 
all you have taken is the love the compassion!" Love and compassion? What did 
these words mean? Why was I speaking them? "You've taken it from all, all of 
them evEN ME!!" I was out of the wall the sword in its home right 
hand and my plan, the last hope, in the other. "GIVE IT BACK!" I leapt into the 
air Tenchiken and my right arm trailing behind me. I was leading with my left.
	"Haha!" Nagi raised her shields in front of my path to intercept and then 
to destroy. I swung. CLACK! I swung. "UUUHHHhhhh....." She toppled over. Pain. 
The canal carved into the side of Tenchiken called the blood groove was filled 
full, and it drank. Death. I fell to the ground with her, the 
shields now disappeared. How did it happen, how had it worked? I knew how but 
had never thought it could actually happen. With my left hand I had created a 
small energy shield like the one used in the band room, my shield had been used 
to cover my arm and push aside Nagi's shields. I had done it. Just a man, a 
normal man who lived in the woods. Woods? What woods? Just a 
man who spent his time fixing a ramshackle hut and cutting firewood had not only 
taken a royal princess but he had outsmarted her. Hut? Where? From that moment 
until Nagi drew her last breath we both breathed the same air at last. I was her 
equal, what's more, I was better. I won. To win is to kill. 
I had won the title of victor. 
	Subconsciously my brain commanded my feet to rise and I arose with them. I 
traced the Tenchiken with my eyes from the hilt until it's tip, which pointed, 
at Nagi's gut. She was on her knees her hands held across her belly trying in 
vein to hold her guts in. She looked at me.
	"It's not the end." Fresh blood lined her lips and she struggled to draw 
breath.
	"It is thee end." I drew the master key from the floor and held it in 
hand. "There will be no return for you." I knelt beside her and tore her hands 
away from where they were held. She cried out and blood flowed. Pain. Tenchiken 
licked its lips once more as I cut first her right wrist, then her left. Her 
breath and voice was flooded now, flooded by the fluid that invaded her lungs. 
Destroy. Struggling against the inevitable she collapsed in a soggy heap. Kill. 
Gray carpet turned a dark red as Nagi spread like wild fire.
