Erik Tuttle
"Zero Signal" .3.


>>CHAPTER FIVE<<    "Life in the city"


	With the excursion behind us, life became somewhat normal back at the hut. 
I began to train against the demons once again, using Tenchiken and learning how 
to ultimately master my Juraian powers. Juraians are not "normal" people 
by any means. We have special talents and abilities that help us in combat and 
everyday life. Most of us have the standard super speed, energy blast, and power 
shield techniques, but some just decide to hone their talents more than others 
do. Employing them more often and at higher expenditures would 
increase these abilities to a supernatural level, one that goes even beyond 
another Juraians understanding. At the time my speed and sword skills were 
almost at full potential, but my energy discharges were a bit lacking, in my 
opinion. If I was to fight Nagi, and especially if I was to win, I needed all my 
skills to be at their max. 
	As the days flew by, the months wandered on, and the years trickled past 
me, my skills as a combatant grew and grew. Ryoko usually stayed at home when I 
went into the wild to train and spar, but on occasion she accompanied me, and 
rarely she would try to match me in combat. I found that to my surprise she had 
some very incredible powers that I found hard to match at times. She could throw 
energy as I did, create a shield, she was also very agile and quick. But while I 
had my Tenchiken, she had a special weapon all her own. Into her hand she could 
call an orange energy blade that could slice through most any substance. The 
only thing I truly believe that could stand up to the atomic blade of her sword 
was my own Tenchiken. My weapon housed spiritual power of great amounts, which 
it seemed to channel up and down along the blade. Whenever our two weapons would 
meet, sparks would fly and energy would crackle all around us. No matter how 
much I marveled at Ryoko's talents or weapon, she would never let me try and 
train her.
	"You have to many other things to do, like saving the world, that are far 
more important than showing me how to be a better fighter."
	"But Ryoko!" I would plead.
	"No Tenchi, hmm mmm. Now get back to work. I need to go and make dinner." 
And she would just disappear like that. I would sigh and tell myself that it was 
all right. If she didn't want me to help her than there was nothing that I could 
do about that. So I trained by myself for the most part, having only wooden logs 
and demons for partners.
	Five years had gone past since I had asked Ryoko to go on that first 
outing with me and since then we had gone on many more. Sometimes returning to 
the same spot and sometimes finding new places of our own. Life was fun and 
action packed, the days seemed like they would last forever. On one of these 
fine days I snuk up on Ryoko as she knelt watching a potted plant in a 
windowsill of our hut. The sun sparkled and threw a perfect light on the plant 
as it soaked up the rays to use for nourishment. Ryoko seemed to be in a little 
world of her own as she watched the plant in the sun; she smiled and just stared 
ever forward, her gaze never falling from the green plant. I 
crept up behind her silently, using all of the tricks I had been practicing. My 
efforts soon bore fruit as I was at her back and she still had no clue.
	"Surprise!" I shouted and dropped myself on to her shoulders in a warm hug 
resting my head on her right shoulder. She jumped for a moment and then saw that 
it was I.
	"Ah! Tenchi! Jeeze what's the big idea startling me like that?"
	"I love you!" was all I could say.
	She smiled. "I love you to honey.
	"Ryoko," I asked still draped across her strong back. "Would you like to 
go on another outing tomorrow?"
	"Why of course Tenchi that would be great. What spot did you have in 
mind?"
	"Well I'll need you to tell me what you think but I was planning on going 
into the city."
	"The city?" She was surprised.
	"Yes it's been sometime since grandfather first spoke to me of them and I 
want to see what they are like. It would just be for a day."
	"I suppose that it could be interesting," she said considering my 
proposal.
	"I have been there before but that was five years ago! I have no idea what 
the cities are like now."
	"It is an interesting idea. Well why not? I've never seen a city of Jurai 
before."
	"So you'll go with me?"
	"Of course."

	Five years had passed since my last trip to the city and all I could say 
was that things had changed. Before there had been small buildings, one to three 
stories high, but now buildings practically touched the skyline. They were huge 
and overbearing stretching sometimes 70 stories tall. All of the cites 
inhabitants still seemed to be happy but every once and awhile Ryoko and I 
received a hostile glance from one of the passers by. It troubled me to see my 
people like this but they were for the most part happy. If things stayed this 
way would I even need to fight in the end? Maybe not, perhaps the problem would 
disappear altogether. I smiled at that thought. Maybe Ryoko and I can just live 
in peace.
	"So where are we going?" Ryoko asked, her arm in mine.
	"Um I don't know. What do you want to do?"
	"I have to admit that they're really isn't that much to do here in this 
city."
	"Not much to do? How can you say that? This is the largest center of 
commerce in all of Jurai!" Ryoko looked over to me with a sarcastic expression 
on her face.
	"Tenchi dear you have to realize that I have traveled the stars of a 
different dimension. I have been to places where a single city can encompass an 
entire planet. Sometimes the planet IS the city-nothing more than a station 
floating in space."
	"Oh." I didn't know what to say. "I guess this must be pretty boring 
then."
	"No actually it's not."
	"Oh? Why is that?"
	"Because you're here with me." I thought about that for a moment and the 
knowledge made me happy.
	"Hey why don't we split up and go shopping for awhile!" I said as a 
spectacular idea slipped into my brain through my ears. A man on the street was 
calling out to the passers by to donate to a fund for young children. How could 
I have forgotten! It was the time of gifts on Jurai! Time when 
families got together and exchanged gifts. Tomorrow was the day of the ceremony 
but it wasn't uncommon for people to exchange their gifts tonight. I explained 
my idea to Ryoko and she seemed to be in approval. We would rent a room at one 
of the hotels in town spend the night there and our gifts tonight.
	"It is a slightly strange idea, but it does sound like fun. There is one 
problem though."
	"What's that?" I asked.
	"We don't have any money."
	I laughed. "I have tons of money!"
	"You do?"
	"Yes! When grandpa left the royal palace he took his money with him in 
case he ever needed it again. He was once a royal knight, so he got quite a bit 
of income that he left for me if I ever needed it!" I reached deep into my 
pocket and took out a handful of silver coins. "Here I said," holding out my 
hand to Ryoko. She took the money and looked at it. "That should be more than 
enough to get us something!"
	"Are you sure?"
	"Very! Here I'll go and get us a room and we'll meat back here in two 
hours okay?"
	"Sounds good."
	"See you later Ryoko!" I took off running down the street.

**********
	Ryoko scanned the glass windows of the various shops as she passed them 
by. I really don't know what to get him, she thought to herself. There were 
pawnshops, candy shops, music shops, cutlery shops, and yes that was it! The 
clothing shop was perfect! Ryoko's senses tingled and she knew that she had 
found the right thing. Tenchi would get a new set of clothing today. A set much 
better than those old homespun ones that he wore all the time. Perhaps I will 
get him two sets. The bell chimed and Ryoko walked into the store; she knew just 
what she was looking for.
	One hour later and she was done with three neatly wrapped packages in a 
handbag by her side. Another hour to kill where should I go now? Ryoko stopped 
and smiled, she knew just the thing.
	An hour and fifteen minutes later she found Tenchi back at the meeting 
spot waiting for her.
	"There you are," he said as he came to her and gave her a hug.
	"It's good to see you," she said. "But didn't you get me anything?"
	"Of course I got you something! Many something's in fact they're all just 
back at the hotel."
	"Well then what are we waiting for?"
	"Lets go!"

**********
	I led Ryoko down the hotel's hall to a single white door with a golden 
knob. The hotel had an old wooden floor covered over by a luxurious red rug and 
the walls were vintage white plaster. No expense had been spared when I secured 
this room. "This is it!" I said to Ryoko as the two of us arrived 
arm-in-arm at the door.
	"Tenchi this is a very nice place," she said.
	"Wait till you see our room!" I told her and took a brass key from my 
pocket. "This is the suite of all suites!" I inserted the key into the door's 
lock and gave a twist. The lock said click and the door swung open. Ryoko 
gasped. The room, large, even for a ritzy place this had the same wooden floor 
as the hall outside, and was likewise covered with the largest throw rug I had 
ever seen in my life. Many different designs played out across the rug in 
various colors and styles. Up against the left wall was a king size bed with a 
large white canopy draping down from the top. All of the sheets were silk, 
except for the comforter, which was made of a very warm knitted wool. Across 
from the bed, protruding out of the right wall, 
was a white marble fireplace with two pillars adorning each side. A length of 
green marble tile extended from the fireplace's base and out into the room. 
There was a set of sitting tables and chairs in the far right corner looking out 
onto a terrace that extended out through a set of double French 
doors to give a wonderful view of the city all around. Various pieces of art 
also hung and sat around the room. Vases, paintings, sculptures, finely worked 
dinner plates, but the thing Ryoko noticed most was the bright green tree set up 
in a pot close, but not to close, to the fire.
	"Tenchi it's... amazing. Breath-taking."
	"I thought you might like it!"
	"It's simply grand and this tree. What's it all about?"
	"Today is as you know the day of gifts on Jurai and every Juraian has a 
special tree of life that keeps them alive. So we get smaller normal trees to 
symbolize the importance and fruit-bearing gift that our life trees give us. 
Before we open out gifts tonight we will place the wrapped packages under this 
tree to symbolize everything that our tree has given us. By doing this we give 
it respect and we give it thanks."
	"I see." Ryoko noticed two wrapped packages already under the tree. "What 
are those?" she asked me.
	"You'll just have to wait until tonight and find out!"
	"Can I go and kick them around?"
	"No you can't go and kick them around. You might break them."
	"Okay I guess that I'll just put mine under there with yours then." She 
walked over and placed the three gifts inside her bag under the tree next to 
mine. "So what are we going to do about dinner? I'm starved!"
	I smiled, glad that I had thought of everything. "Here it is," I said. A 
tap, tap, tap, came from our room door and I opened it to greet the room service 
man. In his arms he held a large silver platter with various covered dishes 
adorning it.
	"Here is your meal sir," the man dressed in a red and gold servant uniform 
said. He entered the room, walked over to the sitting table, and placed the tray 
down on top of it.
	"Thank you," I said tipping him well. "Take care."
	"Have a good evening sir, madam," and he turned to leave.
	"Wow now was that service or what!" Ryoko floated a few inches above the 
floor.
	"We better hurry up and eat before it gets cold," I said and then went and 
took a seat at the table. Ryoko floated herself over to the table and sat down 
in the chair across from me. A double candlestick sat in the middle of the table 
holding two white candles that suddenly burst to life in its grasp.
	"We've got candles and we've got food," smiled Ryoko. "Let's eat!" She had 
never been so happy before.
	
	Food had been excellent. The rice was perfect, the meat was perfect, the 
sauce was perfect. The champagne had been perfect, the desert wine had been 
perfect, and the atmosphere was still wonderful. I sat casually draped across my 
chair swishing the last of the dessert wine around in my glass. The cool liquid 
swam about in circles as my wrist moved to glide it back and fourth. Ryoko 
brought her glass to her lips and let the last of her own wine slide down onto 
her taste buds and around her throat. "This has been excellent," she said with a 
sigh as she set her emptied wineglass down on the table.
	"Yes it most certainly has," I agreed. The moon shown lumenescently 
through the French doors, mixing inside the room with the light from the fire 
and candles to produce one of the most romantic scenes I had ever seen. This was 
almost as nice as the night when Ryoko and I went on the first excursion. I 
looked at the large grandclock in the room and watched as its elegant hands 
ticked to show 9:32 at night. Ryoko followed my gaze to the clock and spoke.
	"My we sure did spend a long time on dinner," she said. "Let's open our 
gifts now okay Tenchi?"
	"Okay, Ryoko." I got up and set my wineglass down on the table. Walking 
over to where Ryoko sat, I took the back of her chair and gave a slight tug. She 
responded and got to her feet.
	"Thank you."
	"Anything for you, pretty lady." Grabbing my wineglass off the table, I 
followed her to sit by the tree. "Who wants to start?" I asked, then sipped the 
last of my wine.
	"Here," Ryoko reached under the tree and pulled up a package wrapped in 
red and green plaid paper. "We can start with you."
	"That's very kind, thank you." I set my empty glass down and received the 
package. It was somewhat heavy for a box of its size. I lifted it up and down 
trying to guess what could possibly be inside.
	"Oh, open it already!" Taking my Ryoko's advice I tore into the red paper 
with my hands. Once the paper was cleared I was looking at a black box with 
white letters. "SAGE," it read, "FINE OUTDOOR FOOTWEAR."
	"What's this?"
	"Why don't you open it?" I opened the box and removed some white tissue 
paper to reveal a beautiful set of black working boots.
	"Wow!" Mighty pleased with the gift I had received, I took the time to 
look the boots over from heal to toe. They were black leather with about an inch 
of rubber sole. They laced up in the front with black laces, the best utility 
boots on the market. "Ryoko these are great! But will they fit me?"
	"I MADE SURE that they would fit you."
	"How do you know the size of my feet?"
	"Actually I guessed," she grinned.
	Closing the box, I set it down beside me and reached for a present of my 
own. "Here, now it's your turn."
	Ryoko took the gift and blushed. "Thank you."
	"I hope she likes this one," I remember thinking. Looking on as Ryoko 
removed the wrapping, I prayed again. "Please like it, please like it!"
	"What in the world is this?" She held my gift above her head and studied 
it hard.
	"Great. She doesn't get it," I worried. The box was fine polished wood 
with two hinges on the back and a gold etched front. Ryoko found a seam in the 
box and lifted.
	"Oh my goodness!" Good she liked it. When Ryoko opened the box soft music 
began to play out of it and I could visualize the miniature spinning inside of 
it. "Tenchi," Ryoko said. "The girl in the box... she looks, she looks like me!"
	"I know. I had it made just for you."
	"I love it, but what do I do with it?"
	"It's for your jewelry and other special things. You take them and keep 
them safe inside your box and when ever you open it, that song will play."
	"Oh Tenchi! It's magnificent."
	"Whew!" I thought, relieved. "One down, two more to go!"
	"What is this music though?"
	"It is an old Juraian ballad of two lovers who went through hard times 
together, but rose to the top in the end. The figure was originally a likeness 
of a woman named Washu. The box has her dance because at the end of the play she 
begins the dance of eternal life, a magical ritual which grants her and her 
lover eternal life."
	"And they live together happily ever after?"
	"Yes, happily ever after." There was a moment of still silence and then 
Ryoko spoke.
	"Here take this one!" she plucked another gift from underneath the tree 
and set it down in my lap. When I opened the package I found clothes inside but 
not the type of clothes I was used to. These weren't my home spun rags... no 
these were a set of nice city clothes. On top, a folded black stretch 
t-shirt rested neatly on a pair of dark khaki colored cargo pants.
	"Are you trying to tell me something by getting me all this nice apparel?"
	"No, not at all darling! I just thought you could use some nice clothes 
for special occasions. Besides, these are the hottest things on Jurai today."
	"I love them, Ryoko. Thank you." The truth was that I really did love 
them, it was just hard for me to get psyched over clothes. I grabbed my last 
present under the tree for Ryoko, and gave it to her. "Open it." She did. Inside 
there was a tablet of paper and a few art pencils. "It's art stuff," 
I told her. "You use the pencils to make pictures on the paper."
	"Yes," she was truly taken aback. "I have seen things like this in the 
city and there are some what did you call it? Art carvings around your hut."
	"I think you're beginning to understand it," I said.
	"Strange, there is nothing like this in the dimension that I come from. 
There is no life or expression similar. It is dead. Just that. Dead."
	"I'm sorry."
	"Don't worry about it. I am here now and everything is fine."
	"I assume that you are going to show me how to properly use these things?" 
she questioned nodding her head at the pencils and paper.
	"Anytime."
	Ryoko handed me the last gift and I took it. Once again it was rather 
light. This time I got a large, black, long coat that started at my shoulders 
and came all the way down to my ankles. "Now this is neat!" I exclaimed as I 
tried the jacket on. It was a perfect fit.
	"It pleases me to see that you like it," Ryoko smiled and the two of us 
cuddled for awhile. Once the two had passed a few minutes watching the fire 
together I knew that it was time. Something just made it feel right. I got a 
tingling in my bones that seemed to scream, "Go for it!" So I did. Spinning out 
of Ryoko's grasp, I pivoted and sat myself down on her belly. Holding down her 
wrists I smiled and kissed her passionately on the lips.
	"Ryoko," I began. "Here on Jurai we have a tradition. When a man and a 
woman fall deeply in love they usually choose to become wed to one another. 
Meaning that the woman is the only one in the man's life and the man is the only 
one in the woman's life. They life and love together and spend the rest 
of their days in happy bliss and merriment. Our people live for a long time and 
marriage is permanent. Do you understand?"
	"I think so," she mumbled still surprised at my sneak attack.
	"Good. Now Ryoko I must know do you truly love me? Would you spend forever 
with me? Will you love me for all eternity?"
	"Yes." The fire light cast and orange glaze over her feline eyes and the 
rest of our body's while I proposed to her in that hotel suite. The moon put out 
a spread of moonlight for us to lie upon as we looked lustfully into one 
another's eyes.
	"Then when will you marry me and let us become one forever?
	"I've been ready since the day I met you." I moved in and we locked 
together in a kiss that was made to linger. Releasing her wrists I moved down 
quickly and found what I had been looking for. The gold chain lay crumpled 
inside of my back pocket just dying to be uncovered. Kissing her still, I placed 
my arms around my wife's neck and attached the chain there then backed away from 
the kiss. Ryoko reached to her chest and lifted the chain up so that she could 
see it. At the end hung beautiful cyan crystal that blended with her hair 
displayed in a curved gold weaving.
	"What do you think?" I wondered aloud hoping not to be disappointed from a 
possible negative response.
	"I think," she said. "That it is almost as nice as yours." Feeling 
pressure on my left hand I looked down to see her sliding a solid gold band onto 
my figure. "I was hoping that you would ask me tonight so I didn't have to ask 
you first."
	"You knew about the ceremony the whole time?"
	"No, I first heard of it today while shopping. I thought that it was a 
nice idea, and apparently so did you."
	"Ryoko...." Letting my hand trail from her chest up to her face and into 
her hair, I brushed through it with my fingers and kissed. Kissed her mouth, her 
tongue, her face, her bosom. I kissed her everywhere. Passionately, strong, 
weak, long, short, every kiss had a life of its own and they all danced their 
separate ways up and down her smooth body. I found her dress clasps and helped 
her out of her clothes. She likewise aided me, and we lay together naked on the 
floor feeling each other and the power of our environment. The rug was plush, 
the fire warm, the night cold. Everything precious was in that moment, in those 
long lasting moments. Times like these will never end. Love and emotion covered 
the room, seeping from every pore, dripping from every corner. Our eyes met.
	I love you.
